id,message
"4", Stuning even for the non-gamer: This sound track was beautiful! It paints the senery in your mind so well I would recomend it even to people who hate vid. game music! I have played the game Chrono Cross but out of all of the games I have ever played it has the best music! It backs away from crude keyboarding and takes a fresher step with grate guitars and soulful orchestras. It would impr
"0", Short good text overwhelming background noise and old film.: These two short tapes consist of a brief description of 50 years of white-red relations treaties and conflicts. Because of its brevity there is little detail presented. The text is interesting and appears to be factually correct. The presentation is relatively unbiased and is quite interesting. It would make a good audio tape. The extra loud background music and simulated battlefield noise sometimes drowns out the text. The visual portion consists of old photographs presumably authentic in detail and clips from old grade B movies which are quite far from authentic. These are rerun from 6 to 10 times throughout the presentation and of course have no bearing on the text. Except for the extreme brevity and the overwhelming background noise one can ignore the visual effects and derive a worthwhile understanding of many aspects of the period of the Indian Wars.
"0", do not buy this piece of c--p: do not buy The Great Indian Wars. the same hollywood movie stock played over and over sometimes without even turning down the borrowed movie's audio. i couldn't concentrate on the narration and that was a shame because the narration was very well written. the narrator also had a fine voice and read his stuff superbly. i felt sorry for him being assocaited with something that went so bad through no fault of his own. someone ruined this "documentary" with the choice and use of the visual footage.i even tried turning off the picture and listening only to the narration but the silly dialogue and old-western music score made trying to listen only to the narrator sheer torture. i only wish i could have given this film a rating it really deserves. MINUS FIVE! the fact that they used 2 tapes when the entire length is only 96 minutes proves to me that the intent of the producers was only to flim-flam the public into thinking they were getting a lot for their money.
"0", The Great Indian Wars 1840-1890: This is without a doubt the worst video I have ever watched.The videos picture could not tracted without jumping lines and wiggling screen it was painful for me to watch.The movie itself was out of focus.They used old black and white movies" indians meet the cavalry " to illustrate the action and pencil drawings of the indian chiefs while they spoke of them. There was one man speaking with a monotone voice.After five minutes it became very boring to watch.The movie was put together very poorly and hard to watch the pictures had very little contrast and hard listen to.It was so bad I could'nt retain any of infomationmy mind kept wandering off. If you enjoy being boredand having your ears and eyes assulted by this low grade quality picture this movie is for you. Reviewed by Paul Phillips
"0", You get what you pay for I guess.: This radiator seems to be very cheaply built. Its aluminum and plastic! It did not even come with a radiator cap. How cheap can you get?
"0", Not working correctly: I purchased this a month ago and found out this was not working correctly.I had it pugged in and it went on by itself then another time I could not control it with the remote....Not happy in Lynn Mass
"0", do not buy: I do not recommend this item to anyone. I had it for two weeks and it quit working. I tried it again and when it rains it quits again. Would not buy again.
"0", NO GOOD: Bought this for the Christmas lights 1 for outside and one for the treeworks great EVEN WITH EVERY OTHER REMOTE YOU HAVE WILL TURN IT ON OR OFFAND DRIVE YOU CRAZY!!!!THE CAR REMOTE/ GARAGE/ HANDY SWITCHES ALL TURNED THE LIGHTS ON
"4", The big picture: This book gave me a overview of tequila that included the agricultural considerations cultural heritage and history of mescal de tequila not just a guide to making margaritas. It is well written with enough detail to satisfy the curious yet straightforward enough to allow for the average reader. Exceptionally informative book!
"0", Not happy with seller: I ordered and paid for an 8 ounce product and received a 4 ounce product. Now the seller wants me to take a picture of the product and the bar code and send it to them before they will make good on it. I've ordered from them before and there have been issues. Never again....What a pain.
"4", A Mystery that won't get your blood pressure up...: "Dumb Witness" is a slower moving more relaxing type of mystery--no intense drama or tension but just a well-written tragedy.
"4", FUNKY JIMMY: IF YOU ARE LOOKING FOR THE FUNKY SIDE OF JIMMY REED HERE IT IS!JIMMY REED JR. ON THE BASS GUITAR ADDS THE FUNKY TOUCH WITH THE ADDITIONS OF SOME WAH WAH PEDALS ON THE OTHER GUITARS ALSO! ITS A LITTLE DIFFERENT THAN HIS OTHER MUSIC BUT ITS IS STILL A GREAT CD!
"4", Easy to install: I was looking for a shower door that could open from either the left or the right and I did not want one to choose for me. This door ticks and fits all the right boxes in that department. I like the crystal glass effect too. It is very clear and allows a lot of light into the shower hub. It is frameless too which is what was asked for by the wife.Its sturdy quarter of an inch thick glass also is a nice feature. But most of all the pivot door is a feature I got on with too.
"4", Kohler: Kohler K-702410-L-MX Matte Nickel Fluence Fluence Frameless Pivot Shower Door with Crystal Clear Glass - 35" - 36-1/2" W x 65-1/2" H K-702410-L. Fluence frameless pivot shower door with Crystal Clear glass 35 - 36-1/2" x 65-1/2" The Fluence pivot shower door features a Eurostyle frameless design with Crystal Clear 1/4"-thick tempered glass. Featuring a roller compression latch that secures closure the door allows 1-1/2" adjustability for out-of-plumb installations and can be installed to open to the left or right. 35 - 36-1/2" x 65-1/2" The continuous contact point along the entire jamb edge provides a smooth stable operation while keeping the hinge concealed
"0", Not a "Bible" by any means whatsoever: This book says it is a "look" and that what it is. By no means is it the Bible or even a beginner's guide to the 1911. Half the book is just gun reviews which you can get anywhere. Another 1/4 or more has to do with competitions and things like that. If you want to learn about the "use care and maintenance" of the 1911 look elsewhere. The internet is better than this book.
"4", READ the book . It is for all 1911 fans.: Read more than the table of contents! Some people have obviously rated this book without reading it. The Author explains why some guns are included in the test and others are left out (in 2 Places in the book). The author also talks about and praises his personal "Colt" 1911's. So you Rampant Pony fans should not feel left out. This book is obviously not ground breaking as there have been many books about the 1911 but it is very informative (gunsmithing tactical course competitions& reloading). It provides an indepth comparison of the wide variety of the modern makes of the 1911.
"4", Outstanding information on the 1911!: This book is one of the most comprehensive books on the 1911. If you want to know anything about the 1911 this book (along with Vol. 2) is the best source of information.
"4", Gun Digest: The book was bought as a gift for my brother. He likes it and we were very pleased with speed of delivery and service.
"0", Flimsy materials potentially dangerous item: Even though this is rated to hold up to 2000 lbs. I would not trust it to last very long. The nylon and ropes that this comes with are clearly very low quality. Some of the ropes even showed signs of fraying straight out of box. Cannot recommend this item.
"0", Wabash 1938: This trilley has been opersted only a few hours and the drive system seems to be slipping already. Not durable and not recommended.
"4", Very Nice Remote Contolled Tripod: I bought this tripod for video tapping an upcomming family wedding and have tried it a couple of times to get used to it. I like the the smooth operation of the controls on the handle. The panning operation is likewise acceptable. The telescopic locking legs work well but are light weight and can rock a little during panning. The lightness is also a plus because it collapses into a small over the shoulder bag for easy toteing. One hand on the tripod for stabilization and one on the control handle during panning works well.
"4", Good for Sony Video Camera: This is an excellent tripod for Sony Video Camera. I am using this with my Sony Camcorder and remote is working pretty good. Its legs are strong. I am using the same with my Nikon D50( remote is not usable). And I am satisfied with the performance. only one issue is the base where you attach camera is plastic. So sometimes I am not comfortable with my DSLR with its zoom lens
"0", Don't buy from Antonline: We purchased this tripod for one of the larger Sony cameras that we also purchased through Amazon. The camera is awesome. The page for the camera recommended this tripod so we bought it from Antonline. This tripod is not nearly strong enough for use smoothly with our camera and when I contacted Antonline for a refund they refused to deal with me even if I paid the shipping back to them. If you buy this tripod beware that truly strong remote control tripods can start at $300 and go up from there.
"4", Excellent product: I used this for taping while we were opening gifts for christmas. The remote features are great. This product makes video recording easy and fun.
"0", A padded short story disguised as a literary novel: The kindest description of this book would be that it is well-written and quite pointless. The plot is paper thin and all the characters (with the possible exception of Mr Hilditch) are either two dimensional or borrowed from other more superior works. The much-touted plot twist when it finally arrives lacks any irony and seems contrived. William Trevor is best known as a short story writer and this book is essentially a short story padded into a novel. As a well-written mildly diverting piece of light entertainment it would have been acceptable as a prize-winning piece of high literary pretensions it is not. Dickens Poe even Highsmith have succeeded much better in what Trevor seeks to achieve.
"0", Good basic story but many flaws: I found the basic idea of the book to be excellent and very true to life however I cannot say the same for the characters Felicia in particular. Beyond her frustration we are never privy to any of her emotions. What did she think of her plight? Why did she never worry that Johnny her lover might reject her? I feel that the author made a mistake by never writing in Felicia's viewpoint during her scenes with Mr. Hilditch. We certainly know many of his feeling and thoughts concerning Felicia but never never any of her thoughts about her sinister friend. ...The character of Mr. Hilditch is very well developed unfortunately more so than the main character. I felt that too much of the book (one quarter) was devoted to Mr. Hilditch's downward spiral. It almost becomes a completely different story.As a previous reviewer mentioned the author's practice on going back and the forth between past and present was confusing.
"4", a page turner that leaves an impression on your heart: Trevor does an execptional job of captivating the reader and telling the story from the two main characters (Felicia and Hilditch). One cannot help but feel sad after reading this novel. All involved appear to be victims at various times and on various levels. Felicia the victim of death (her mothers) and a jilted lover and Hilditch. Hilditch a victim of his mother and his need for "friendship".Trevor will keep you reading and feeling throughout the book. Do not expect to feel good after reading this novel. A great book for a book group discussion.
"4", An excellent book please don't watch the film: Felicia's journey is an excellent novel. The background to both characters is well developed. Mr. Hilditch in particular becomes more sinister due to his overwhelmingly ordinary appearance. The intimations of his unusual childhood merely suggest that he may be more disturbed than his manner presumes. Mr. Hilditch's interactions with strangers in the presence of Felicia provide the most chilling insight into the purpose of his friendship with her. It is for this reason alone that the film fails so miserably. No reference is made at all to these brief conversations. As for Felicia herself it must be said that her character is a little limp. There are few convent girls left in Ireland who show such naivety. However she does grow more likeable but not enough to demonstrate why she should affect Mr. Hilditch so much.
"0", All Language No Heart: While I will readily admit that Trevor has incredible command of the English language what is even more displayed in Felicia's Journey is the lack of a sympathetic character. The title character-a young pregnant runaway searching for her baby's father-should have been one with whom you could sympathize. Instead Trevor's love affair with language never quite manages to include his characters leading to an unsatisfying reading experience. Couple the lack of emotion with a depressing ending and you have a book best suited to gathering dust.
"4", A simple tool - but a real help!: Learning arabic on your own is a challenge. I chose to supplement the Kitab fi tacallum al-arabiya series with MSA Vocab Clinic to get up to speed a little faster. It gives good pronounciation help and the word lists makes bus rides a lot more fun...
"4", Good vocab review for intermediate learners: This is a nice tool for beginners and intermediate level learners of MSA but if you've been studying for a while you will find this a bit frustrating. The 4000 words utilized are good but they won't take you to the next level. The lists are good but it would be nice to be able to make your own. A section of Arabic proverbs would be very useful as well as knowing them makes a real difference when dealing with native speakers. I would pay $25 for this but no more.
"4", Babyarm. Community quick hits. KTCK!: GREAT live!! And catchy tunes too!Get this record for great "Americana" roots acoustic thoughtful whatever you wanna call it rock & roll.And catch them live if you have the opportunity
"4", old favourite: Classic Jazz Piano was previously owned on a tape which eventually died I was pleased that the same much liked music was still available in cd not only as a download and at a reasonable price this will encourage me to 'up date " some more of my ageing collection
"4", Salmon Oil - Excellent Product: We have been giving this to our two golden retriever puppies (started at 6 1/2 mos old) for almost two months now at the recommendation of our homeopathic vet. WOW - what a great product! Their coats are like satin - among all the other benefits it provides (joints organs skin etc!) and they love it! The pump is great and makes it really east to add to each meal; really good price too.
"4", Amazing change in his coat: Strongly recommend this product to add to your dogs dinner. My dog loves the smell and it's made a noticeable improvement in his coat.
"0", coffee mugs?: Of the six glass mugs I have two left And am very careful if I use them for any kind of liquid I put in it be it cold or hotseams will leakIf the liquid is hot it will split the cupDo not enjoy a hot coffee bath As far as I am conserned its a waste of money but it is your life. not impressed. B.Uzzell Arvada Colordo
"0", ripped off: was very upset that this DVD did not specify that you could not play it in the United States. Why was it on Amazon USA. False Will not deal with this vendor ever again and will make sure my friends and colleagues are aware of it..
"4", Patricia's Secret: I had been looking for this book for years. I read it as a child and wanted to have it. Thank you so much for a great vintage copy!
"4", Capitalists create the context within which Americans wander: According to Leach corporations academia and government have all worked to disengage Americans from their places of nurture so that Americans and indeed the whole world will travel consume and search continually for new things and experiences to buy. Upon reflection I ask myself how Professor Leach convinced me that one-size-fits-all containers (for trains and trucks) supports his thesis.
"0", Don't like it: I bought the Soyo 24 inch monitor based on a $100 reduction in price at Office Max and what appeared to be a review on the internet. Previously I had a Viewsonic 17" LCD monitor which was pretty bad too. The Soyo has a bad stand that is supposed to be adjustable but I could not do it and had to prop it at an angle with a book. The User's manual is nearly incomprehensible. The speakers have to be the worst sounding ones I've ever heard. I am going to repack and try to return it and buy something better ever if I have to pay more.
"4", Ninnia: This monitor is great. The service I got when I order was fast and great. I would order again.
"4", Is Germany the Future Sound of now?: Once again the Compost crew devestate with this collection that is sure to please those who refuse to be pigeonholed. With sounds running the spectrum from jazzual house to brokenbeat experimentation. Definately one for the repeat button. Sureshot selections include tracks by super inovator Phil Asher with his Restless Soul project Austrian beatmeister Earthbound and footstomping mayhem from Japans U.F.O exclusive unreleased tracks! If you fancy yourself a conniseur of the outernational jazz dance scene then this is the soundtrack for you! Kinda like an audio edition of Wallpaper magazine if you can catch the vibe.
"4", Excellent: My Trans-metropolitan counterpart beneath me definitely describes this cd well. I love the reference to Wallpaper perhaps the greatest magazines ever (with Surface Homme and maybe Metropolitan Home) not far behind.But I digress... This cd as with all of the releases in this series is excellent. Tosca's contribution is of course amazing. However the entire width and breadth of this release is one that permanenty stays in the player.However I would strongly urge you to seek out "Volume Five" of this series. It offers your senses two cd's of the finest Compost has to offer. I found it a local vendor new for an amazing price (under $15).A very very worthwhile release...will not disappoint you.
"0", The worst of all the Future sounds of jazz series...: this all sounds crappy. fauna flash's drum n bass tune sounds so generic and boring that it makes everything else look bad. the tunes here are not of the same quality of other cds in the series like vol.5. i say skip this one its really boring and with the exception of like one song by tosca everything else is $hit.
"4", A Must-Read for Fine Arts Educators!: Jenson has updated much information in this quickly-read book. Anyone unfamiliar with his works will find this helpful; veterans of the topic will find new useful "ammunition." Especially refreshing is the unbiased approach to the Mozart effect studies; a convincing view to show administrators because of its balanced presentation.
"4", Most Informative: This is the most informative series on Goju Ryu in print. Absolutely a must for all goju-ryu karate-ka.
"4", goju-ryu karate-do: fundamentals for traditional practitione: It was a very good book. It explains in full detail the history of Goju-ryu karate. It also has step by step instructions for katas with black and white pictures. Almost every page has a picture. This book also has a glossary with the Japanese terms translated from Japanese to English and English to Japanese with the phoenetic pronunciation. Motoo Yamakura is a very good martial arts writer.
"4", Lost Boy offers hope: This award winning documentary was brilliantly produced and directed. But more importantly Greg's story is a true example of God's redeeming love grace healing and mercy. I worshiped at Greg's church years ago and have kept up with him over the years and marvel at the anointed power of his messages. When I heard this story for the first time I had no idea his life had been so difficult growing up. To see what the Lord did for this broken lost little boy is a magnificent testimony to His colossal love for us. Greg has been tested on the anvil of adversity and his story has profoundly affected my life and faith. As powerful as his ministry was before it is even more so now. When I go through difficult times sometimes his story comes to me and I say "There is hope indeed. God will get me through this.This DVD is a powerful tool for evangelizing. Glory to God for His all consuming love that gives us such hope.
"4", Definitely fun can be frustrating too (in a good way!): This is not a children's toy obviously. It does however make a great gift with a nice bottle of wine to any puzzle-loving adult in your life. I bought it for my sister who found it a bit of a challenge to get the bottle out but liked that she wasn't able to solve it easily either. It provided just enough challenge then we enjoyed the newly freed wine. She has it displayed by her wine area and everyone needs to try it out when they come over for dinner. A good conversation piece!
"4", Great for entertainment.: Want to have a little fun with your guests before you give them alcohol? This is a perfect gift or conversational piece at a party. It's not impossible but def makes one work to get the wine bottle out to drink.
"0", Emer Galileo: I purchased our Emer from Sears almost two years ago and it broke within a month. We sent it back to New Jersey and it took two months to have it returned. Within a month it was broken. Now it is a pile of plastic and I don't know what to do with it. Very disappointed in product and service.
"4", Classic New Age Disc!: Wow I'm surprised to see this available here. Horizont's "Silent Moon" is a classic New Age album from 1986. It was readily available for a few years then totally disappeared; this disc is EXTREMELY hard to find now. This album is a good mix of new age and "space jazz". Most of the synths used here are now obsolete and they sound great. The title track is definitely the outstanding track on the disc but others are great as well. If you were to compare to other artists it would be kind of like combining Vangelis Jean Michel Jarre and Dave Grusin (the more jazzy tracks are Grusin-esque). Overall a good listen and a great representation of the greatest era in new age music. Too bad the cover art is not available here it's awesome. If I get a chance I will scan my copy and post it. Grab this while you can you may not see it again for a long long time.
"4", Expensive - But May Be Worth the Cost: For years now whenever I'm in a contemplative mood this has been one of my favorite "go to" albums. These rich harmonic melodies will help you relax without having to suffer the banalities of "muzak."
"4", Accurate Bio of the Young Henry McCarty: This book is the most accurate that I have read concerning the earlier years of Billy Starting with the arrival of his mother in New York City fleeing the Irish Potato famine. I would recommend reading this important book along with the Billy book writen by Robert Utley "Billy the Kid A Short and Violent Life."
"0", not what i expected: being a wolverine fan ; this is nothing like i expected. really don't like the drawing or storyline. looks fake.
"0", Very poor vision of Wolverine: I have seen an episode of this show and all I could say is WOW what a travesty. This show is completely not Wolverine. First Logan is Canadian not Japanese short not tall older looks middle aged even though much older not like a teenager. Voice acting is poor. This show is the William Shatner of Wolverine extreme over acting and over dramatized action sequences. This is supposed to be Marvel Comics Wolverine not a Wolverine DragonBall Z. If they want to make a good Wolverine Cartoon keep it on par with the comics both in the character models and story and use voice actors that have worked in the past and if you really want to do Wolverine Justice make it a Mature rated cartoon and show Blood in the battles.
"4", American Pharmacy in the 1800s: Because of its extensive bibliography and excellent index this biography of William Procter Jr. serves well as an introduction to the origins of professional pharmacy in the USA.For more information about the book and its topic contact the American Institute of the History of Pharmacy (AIHP).
"0", !!!! Wrong MP3 files !!!!: The MP3 files downloadable from this site are not for Parsifal but Verdi's Traviata. Amazon needs to fix this urgently.
"4", Beautiful little Bible -- anglicised no problem for me: I am very picky about the typography in my Bibles--and for its small size this beautiful little Bible is very easy to read. I have the Burgundy Leather Bound edition which is beautifully bound and finished. This is the aforementioned "anglicised" version--I do want to counter the review above by saying that I don't find the differences troublesome at all. There are very few discrepancies between this and my "regular" NRSV...
"4", Nice alarm: So much about carbon monoxide poisoning these days..decided to get a few alarms for protection. Easy to install and work great...
"4", Good???: It looks good but we never had carbon monoxide in our place yet so we can't tell if it works or not. The red light is on when we plug it in. And it works when we press the test button.
"4", Ordered battery operated got plug in: works fine. Easy to install. Discreet. Directions were easy to understand. We got this because we have a gas fireplace and wanted to be safe. I ordered a battery operated alarm because I wanted more options of where to place it other than being commited to an electrical outlet. However what was shipped was the electrical kind. I decided to keep it because you know the hassle of returning wasn't worth it and it does it's job.
"4", CO Alarm: Product received timely. The plug in feature is favorable in that there is no concern of battery failure. Product is easy to use.
"0", Not UL Listed "what's up with that...": I bought this first alert CO alarm for my home in Wisconsin.When I started to read the instructions I found that this product is not UL list! How can a safety item like this not be UL listed.I did some research and found out first alert changed testing labs to save a few bucks and do not use the most well known UL. What's up with that...So I returned this CO and purchased the Kidde KN-COB-DP-H Plug-In Carbon Monoxide Alarm. The Kidde unit cost less too so I saved a few dollars! Always pays to READ THE FINE PRINT.
"4", Easy inexpensive peace of mind.: Takes more time to cut open the box than it does to plug in. Just plug it in hold the test button stick your fingers in your ears so you don't do deaf and your all done. I've used First Alert products for many years and they just work. They do wear out (5-7 years) but they will alert you when that time comes usually with a chirping like other detectors do.Simple easy to use no fuss peace of mind unit. Plug it in near air vents in bedrooms or just in open ares for non-living quarters and that's it!
"0", Broke after first day of use: Got hot and smelled like burning ozone after plugging in. A dissapointing product never got any real use out of it. Do not recommend.
"4", Easy to use trusted: After opening the package I simply plugged this in to a wall socket (making sure that it is not near a heating source gas moving air dust or sunlight). I tested it the alarm rang loud and clear. A red light lets me know that it is functional.I feel better having it in my house.
"4", Everyone needs one: These CO detectors are mandatory in many states now. I happen that the man who cleans my carpets is the Captain of the town fire dept (also up for promotion to chief) and he always points out my fire hazards or things I do or don't really need to do. I had my first CO detector up on the ceiling next to my smoke detector. He told me it di not need to be on the ceiling and it's easier to get a plug in one so you don't have to worry about the battery aspect. Then incidentally my ceiling one broke somehow. So I bought this one plugged it in in the hallway near my bedroom......he said to do that so you can hear it quickly and loudly. It's doing it's thing. A little pricey but actually one of the cheaper ones. He approved!
"0", Burned outlet: I've had my unit for about a year. It was plugged into a wall outlet. Today I noticed that the unit was on the floor and that the outlet was scorched. The unit itself was burned around the prongs. There have been no power surges/outages etc. so the only conclusion is that the unit itself is faulty. I'm grateful that it didn't start a house fire.
"0", Defective product: We bought this item twice. The first time it was defective and wouldn't work (it made a dull sound all the time and no additional sound at all when put in contact with water as per the test described on the instructions sheet) so we returned it to Amazon (thanks for your excellent returns policy!) for an exchange. When the 2nd item proved just as defective we got our money back. Don't waste your money on this junk -- buy something more expensive and substantial.
"4", very good product: Great product. i gave this product to my son and i feel much better that he and his family are safer from carbon monoxide. thanks.
"4", Feel Safer Now: I was looking for a Carbon Monoxide alarm that was reasonabally priced and was glad to find this one on Amazon.The reviews on Amazon were why I purchased this one. I tested the alarm which works well and hope I never actually need it!!Thanks Amazon for having it!
"4", co2 review: Rec'd co2 alarm 2 weeks ago. It seems to be working fine. Feel much better having this new alarm installed as our last one was no longer functioning.
"4", Good product.: Seems to work as advertised. I opted for the non-battery back up as my heating system has electric blower so if power goes heating system does not opearate. Battery/non-battery an individual judgment.Pros: "ready light" is not so bright as to be disturbing at night if it is a visible location as mine is; simple plug in operation; you can test alarm manually.Cons: its a bit larger than it looks in the pictures so depending on where you mount it might be unappealing to actually see the unit installed in a highly visible wall outlet. Instructions indicate not to mount behind curtains etc. as air flow might be restricted. However I could not find a "micro" unit.Observations: Obviously no safe method to test if the unit actually detects CO.Suggestion: put a pass-through female outlet in the unit as it uses one plug in the typical wall outlet and this feature would be helpful in a older home with fewer wall outlets.
"4", Does the Job: I just plugged it in and it's on the job. Perhaps it would be more assuring if it had a digital read-out of level of monooxide in the air.
"0", weird notification beeps: This went off in the middle of the night after my husband and I had had it for several years. We had to look up online the directions because it didn't have a clear beep for a warning and for a battery replacement. It was ridiculous. I would not recommend it. I want one that clearly tells me when to vacate the house and call the fire department.
"0", My bad but theirs too: It did not even occur to me that a plug-in CO detector would not have battery back-up which is my fault for missing that. However what the?? I mean they ALL should have batter back-up. This one has to go back.
"0", Don't Bother: I would not recommend this product. When I plugged it in it would not stop chirping. The directions said it might chirp "a few times" while powering up but the thing chirped all day. Also the 9 volt battery that came with the product did not fit into the battery compartment. The company that I bought it from told me to just throw it away although I did receive a full refund.
"4", No Brainer!: I chose this alarm because it was the easiest to use. Just plug it in and that's it. I have a gas fireplace and was told that I needed a carbon monoxide detector. Plugged into a regular outlet it has a dim light to let you know that it's working and you can test the monitor at any time to make sure it's "alarmed." Hopefully I'll never have to see how well the monitor works in an emergency but I feel safer knowing that I have one.
"4", Carbon Monoxide Alarm: I feel that these are a necessity especially if you live in colder winter climates where you may have the windows closed for a few months.I prefer this model as it plugs in to an outlet rather than battery operated units.I found the models through Amazaon were several dollars cheaper than stores around my area.
"4", does what it's supposed to do: easy set up working great - no complaints to far. it was nice to find one so cheap! we'll see how long it lasts...
"0", WARNING: This is not an instructional video!!: I bought this video from Lullabot as soon as it was released. I've managed several Drupal projects and am now diving in to development myself. I was very disappointed this video has no instructional content whatsoever. It is a very (very) high level view of what Drupal is. I give it two stars for good production value only.I am hoping this is the first in a series of videos that will dive deeper into Drupal.
"0", tripod sony: This tripod is out of production although I bougth it because the price and the need of lanc connection for my camcorder Sony DSR PD170 was the only model with a reasonable price. The desadvantage is that it can not hold stablity for the camcorder too light not enough hight and the locks for the vertical and horizontal moves are not good enough you loose in trying to loose or tight the buterfly nuts. The only advantage is the remote controller and the price. I hope Sony can improve it like the next level but with more confortable price.
"0", Cheap along with poor customer service: I purchased this item to replace a broken hose. It took the seller over 3 weeks to ship the item even though the tracing website always showed a different and incorrect shipping date. Upon receipt the product looked nothing like the product on the website. The handle was completely different. In addition the hose was BLACK and not white as the picture showed. I contacted the seller to replace the item with the proper hose. After several phone calls back and forth the seller claimed he knew which hose we needed and would ship it that day. I called back 5 days later to find out that the item hadn't even been shipped yet. We requested a refund and got our money back promptly however it still left us without the hose we needed. So basically over 5 weeks after ordering the item we still did not have a replacement. What made matters worse is that we were stuck paying almost $40.00 in return charges which were not covered by the seller. AVOID THIS SELLER!
"4", The truth: This book will take you to another uncomfortable space where your believes and ideas of spirituality will change. Change is necessary if you want to know.
"0", False: I have read alot of KrishnamurtiProbably the greatest teacher I have came acrossBut this book is no better than Humpdy dumpty or the Bible If it is K which I very much doubt he must have been very immature to write this hollow meaningless stuff.His other works are consistant and valuable among the most valuable words ever writtenThis book has less wisdom than the average person on the street
"0", Don't buy this: Krishnamurti himself asked people not to pay attention to his immature teachings (prior to about 1933). For a scholar this book gives a look into K's mind as a youngster but it doesn't portray the important elements of his teachings which flourished after around 1933.
"4", Pretty Straight-Forward: This was one of the very first things I crocheted. The gusset was a little confusing until I realized the gusset illustration was in the beginning of the booklet. My socks came out great and my mom is already asking for a second pair so I'll probably try a different style.
"0", Ordered 2; Both Chains Were Tarnished and Pendants Scratched!: I have generally had very good experience ordering jewelry from Amazon sellers so I ordered two of these necklace pendants one for myself and one for my mother. Both arrived with very badly tarnished chains (about half the chain rust colored on both). In addition the actual pendants were scratched and "used looking".
"0", OMG! this Movie is too wierd to be watched sober.: I think it deserves the one star. maybe even 2 if I was drunk.... but I was'nt! Oh God how I wish I had been. I can't tell you why I kept watching after the first half hour. I guess I expected it to become something .. umm good..! quite an unusual film. if you watch it please tell me what you thought of it and what you think I missed. I don't watch Mexican movies ever..! & now I think I know why.... they make my brain all mushy and then it pours out of my ears and I fall over dead and brainless! OMG.. and the last 15 minutes... I could have slit my wrists it was that bad! Sorry Have I said too much.?
"0", ho hum: If you're looking for porn or something to see this is NOT it. These are not real fights but amateur boxing (most of the girls have never boxed before) with 3 rounds each. After the 1st 30 minutes it's a bore.
"0", Waste of time.: I bought this video while thinking to myself "hot chicks beating the crap out of each other sweet". Well none of these things turned out to be the case. The chicks aren't hot in fact one either used to be a man or still is a man. The violence is limp to say the least. Imagine an episode of cops where neighbors at the trailer park are in a domestic disturbance. The problem is that the girls aren't athletes nor do they seem to care much if they win. Stay away this is just some dude with a camcorder attempting to get you to part with your money.
"4", High Quality Hot Beverage Holder: These cups are easy to clean and drink from. the color is excellent.A worthy addition to your home.
"4", Great story but a little tedious in places: My mother had read another Dorothy Canfield Fisher novel as a girl and loved it. When I found this I bought it for us both. It's a very interesting story but I find Ms. Fisher's style to be somewhat pedantic and tedious. Her syntax is of another age and it makes reading the book rather time consuming. I like the characters and the plot however and am eager to see how things turn out for Sylvia and her family. I would recommend the book only to those who like old-fashioned stories and who know something of Ms. Fisher's educational philosophy. The casual reader may not have the patience to wade through it.
"4", Creative and Inspiring: I loved this book but when I got "Making Memory Books and Journals by Hand" I was surprised to find "Making Journals by Hand" is actually included in that text in full: word for word page for page project for project .Instead of buying "Making Journals by Hand" and "Making Memory Boxes" save some money and buy one book: "Making Memory Books and Journals by Hand". This book combines all of the projects above and then some.All of these books have great projects and instructions.
"4", Way Cool Ideas!: A beautiful book. I love everything about it: crisp photography nice paper great ideas an abundance of inspiring bon mots lots of resources listed at the back of the book. After flipping through its pages I wanted to jump off the sofa and begin journaling! But I didn't. I felt a little overwhelmed by the creative journal pages I saw. I just don't know where people get some of their amazing ideas. I wish my mind were half as fertile as those whose works are featured in the pages of "Making Journals by Hand." I will however continue enjoying the visual feast between its covers and hope for a divine intervention that will get me off the sofa and into the craft room to create a fabulous rememberance just as the featured artists have done. If you like books paper art rubber stamping writing color cool ideas and peeking into other people's journals buy this book.
"0", Skimps on Content: While the journals in here were really beautiful it doesn't look like the author put a lot of effort into explaining them. It only took me about an hour to read this book and even with a few creative ideas(mostly from the pictures) the general content was sparse. Some of the shaded sections on the side looked like space filler (for example one on "themes" describes a travel journal's purpose as "chronicling your travels"...no way!). It bothers me when writers use pretty pictures to try and pull off the appearance of a quality book. Flip through this book in the library to get some good ideas but don't expect thoughtful written advice.
"0", Doesn't live up to title: While this book has a wonderful visual collection of stunningly beautiful books and journals it offers virtually no guidance on how to "make" them. The advice on putting together a complicated book with non-linear pages is limited to 3 steps with no list of supplies and vague instructions. Poorly edited there are many grammatical mistakes or typos. Buy this book for inspiration but not for instruction.
"0", journal making?: I bought this book wanting to learn how to make a journal. This book did not show the basics. It was a waste of money the author seemed more interested in presenting cute ideas and making pretty pictures than teaching basics.
"4", Radiator replacement: The radiator cost half of what it cost at parts stores.So far no leaks except a rubber stopper they use was thincracked and leaked.I had a feeling it would so I carried a spare $1.00.I do recomend this product anyway.The shipping was promptwith no hassles.
"0", Failed after 6 months: Purchased this radiator 5 months ago. It fit perfectly and performed well for 5 months. The side tank seam started weeping last week. This week it is leaking a lot. I expected this to last much longer. I will purchase another brand next time or go to a junk yard and get one from there.
"0", For collectors only!: This CD only contains 2 songs both of which are available on Madonna's first album. Definately only for those who can't stand not having any given Madonna cd for their expansive collection.
"0", Not my type of book: I just couldn't get into this book. Right from the start it seemed like the author was trying to hide something from the reader and that annoyed me. Also it contained too many long descriptions. Not my type of book.
"4", EXCELENT PERFECT FABULOS SUPER: I loved this book! I read the first Egerton hall book the Tower room when i was bored one day and i couldn't but then down untill i read this one. Bella is just me I love her and the ending is sooo Sweet BUY BORROW OR STEAL THIS BOOKAND THE TOWER ROOM AND WATCHING THE ROSES AS THEY ARE MUST READ
"0", Jerry Lewis' Worst Movie: I admit I gave up on this movie after about 50 minutes. But up to that point the whole "comedy" revolved around Dean Martin bullying and shouting at Jerry Lewis for no obvious reason. I am a life-long Jerry Lewis fan I adore many of his movies but not this one. It is pointless tripe. I never thought I'd give up on a Jerry Lewis movie without watching it all the way through. But after 50 minutes I felt like shouting back at Dean Martin for his odious carry on in this film. Whoever wrote the script doesn't know the first thing about humour. What a tedious movie!!!!
"4", I love it!: I love this movie!To see Jerry in a dress is always funny.Skinny and hairy!What a riot!!!He's a very handsome manbut he makes a funny looking lady!!!It's worth watching.
"0", At War With the Army rating: I disliked this DVD because close to the end of the movie it was all defected or scratched up and I did not get to see the end of the movie. I mean it was Jerry Lewis so I know there were some good laughs at the end. So disappointed.
"0", Same old junky print!: Was hoping that this would be an upgrade to the many versions I have bought over the years. Sadly it is not. It is taken from the same horrible print. Decent movie but baad quality. Let the buyer beware! This is the item I bought. http://www.amazon.com/gp/product/B00005YVX9/ref=cm_cr_rev_prod_title
"4", I love the young Jerry.: Jerry has such a humble approach in his character it is very easy to sink in. There is never a dull moment when he comes onto screen. I love his B&W's.
"4", old time magic: this is a old movie that shows how they did it years ago you can get lost in it and enjoy it verry funny a must see
"0", Good Times Video...Skip it: What Dean & Jerry fan does not know of this movie?My intention is to save those of us collectors time and money.The Good Times Video version appears to have been recorded from a vhs - that was itself recorded from another vhs without Time Base Correction - about 10 times.It's presented as Academy Standard 1.37:1 (original film aspect)Yep - that bad. Perhaps it was better than nothing but now that something has hit the market do yourself a favor skip this version.
"0", Dean and Jerry on a Low Budget: The slow-paced "At War with the Army" (1950) was Dean Martin and Jerry Lewis' first starring feature - a bargain-basement military farce that separates the team for much of its footage. Some nice moments (the "Going My Way" parody remains priceless) but not enough to justify the endless 93-minute length. One of the comedy duo's weakest efforts.
"0", Hmm...: I guess I didn't find this CD memorable as I couldn't even remember what it sounded like. There were no particular pieces that jumped out at me and cried "Dance to me." Overall I was not that impressed.
"0", Complete piece of junk: Had one of these when I was a kid it was fun so I bought one as a gift for my son. The rocke didn't mate correctly with the pump but we tried gamely to hold it in place and pumped it a few times at which point the valve on the pump separated from the body. There was virtually no force being applied to this part of the pump it was a press fit piece that couldn't possibly withstood any real pressure from the pump. It was a total joke this is not a complicated piece of equipment it was never built to do anything other than to dupe the consumer.
"0", JUNK! (says China on product): When will people stop digging for the lowest possible price? I would have paid three times this price to have a quality product. After three pumps the check valve that holds the air in the rocket failed. You would push the pump in and all the air would get sucked out of the rocket when you pulled the pump back out. Then the mounting nipple snapped off when releasing the rocket from the clamp. Never worked once! Would like to find one that works but they all look the same.
"0", don't waste your money: I had several of these as a kid and never had a problem. This one was defective out of the box! When i tried to put the rocket on the pump and lock it in place the air pump nipple snapped off and rendered the toy useless. After further inspection i found that the rocket itself was the cause. The plastic ring at the base that attaches to the pump was deformed and would not mount on the pump properly when i slid the pump lock over the mount it started to bind and snapped the nipple off.I packaged it up and returned it.I may try some of the other models to see how they stack up.
"0", Can't get it to work: I used to love these rockets back in the day when I was a kid so I got one for my 11-year old son. When it arrived it looked like the ones I had as a kid but was obviously of cheaper quality. Then again it cost only a few bucks. Problem is when I put the water in and then snap close the end of the pump all the water leaks out! This happens whether the rocket is pointed up or down. The rocket is totally useless and we had to throw it away. Too bad those rockets sure were fun a long time ago...
"0", Broke immediately: It's hard to write a full 20 words on a toy that broke on the very first use leaving me with a cheap piece of plastic and a crying five year old.
"0", disappointed: Don't Waste your money the pump to pressurize the rocket broke after first and only use. Very disappointed bought this for my brothers children because he used to have one as a kid and he loved it so I bought this one and it broke on the first try.
"0", Memory Lane??: I bought 2 of these hoping to show my kids one of the toys I had growing up. Wow these are straight CRAP. Why would someone produce a product that SUCKS this much?!! The clip that holds the rocket to the pump doesn't hold the rocket on. The O-ring is a dried hard brittle piece that doesn't seal. Then when you get past ALL that crappy-ness the pump shaft will either pull completely out bend like a pretzel while pumping or leak water into the pump itself! I got three launches out of 2 of these. I was more disappointed than the kids were. Boooooo!
"0", Ron: Not as pictured. Doesn't seal well for the launch and so it is pretty much worthless. I had the one pictured when I was a kid and was pretty excited to order and now left with disappointment. Order what you see and you may get something else and cheaply made. Maybe should have bought this back in 2006 when it got better reviews. Amazon please take this off your site!! It indeed is less than a quality product and your company is deceiving those who buy.
"0", Completely worthless: I bought this for my 4 year old daughter for her birthday. She loves rockets and I thought she would enjoy it. The pump is total junk and could not even pump enough pressure for a single flight before it broke. I spent an hour trying to fix it and the highest I've gotten the rocket to launch is a couple feet! This resulted in my daughter crying and the rocket getting thrown away. Do not buy this one!
"0", Old School Rocket: Launcher broke after a couple of flights. Not surprising for the cost. These were popular when I was a kid and this model WAS enjoyable while it lasted.
"0", Junk: Wanting to share my water rocket memories with my kids I decided to try this rocket out in spite of all the bad reviews. I agree it is junk. While the whole thing is cheaply constructed the biggest problem I see is with the pump. The valving is so defective it simply will not pressurize the rocket. Even though I was very gentle with the pump it came apart after only a couple pumps and the rocket never flew. I'd love to find a good one of these but this one is not.
"0", This toy is JUNK!: I ordered two of these for my kids. The pump for the rocket is made so you have to hold it while pumping but there is no good way to hold it securely while pumping. There is a trigger to lock in the rocket while pumping but the trigger is in the way of holding the pump and is unsafe because a simple bump makes the rocket launch accidentally. The piston in the pump is so cheap that it bends when you push it in. The end cap on the pump chamber is not properly secured to the pump. I tried the pumps that came with both rockets. The rocket's highest flight was about 10 feet becuase the pumps were so lame.
"4", Great Video on Holistic Medicine: My husband is an ND and an African Traditional Healer so I bought him this video for his birthday. He enjoyed it for me it was a little long and mundane I thought it was more on spirituality. Yet and still the birthday man was very happy. Anyone in the healing or medical field will enjoy the DVD. It does talk scientifically about how and why the herbs work. I learned new ideas about Tibetan Healing Techniques that are similar to African Traditional Healing. That was helpful for me because I do all the writing for his company and it gave me a new perspective.In conclusion if your interest is in the field this video is helpful.
"4", Good showing of Tibetian medicine: My fault that I did not know that this was in tibitian and had subtitles but the content is good and interesting to see in actual clinics and business in Tibet.
"0", not what I thought it should be: I missed a lot of the subcaptions but I think I may have understood the meaning of the file. May like it more in english.
"0", Don't bother.: Boring. What was I expecting? Something that would give me insight into my own abilities to heal self and others. This didn't do it. Especially since it wasn't in English.
"4", Provides excellent knowledge about Tibetan Medicine: ITem was shipped new and arrived in excellent condition. DVD provides a beginning knowledge about the almost lost art regarding Tibetan Medicine. As indicated in the DVD there are very few doctors that still retain this knowledge and practice. Excellent overview but it is all in subtitles and obtaining any of the medicines/herbs seems as though it would be difficult. They take a wholistic approach and specialize the medicines for the person. You would need to go to India to get a diagnosis regarding your condition. Too bad it is not closer.
"4", Think for your self!: "If people let government decide what foods they eat and what medicines they take their bodies will soon be in as sorry a state as are the souls of those who live under tyranny."- Thomas Jefferson
"4", THE KNOWLEDGE OF HEALING: A GOOD VIDEO BUT IT DID NOT HAVE ENOUGH INFORMATION THAT I COULD USE WITH MY CLIENTS.A HELPFUL OVERVIEW OF WHAT IS POSSIBLE
"4", Enlightening: Must have movieMust have inspiring enlightening eye opening good heart felt enlightening must have in your own library movie to keep and give
"4", Perfect for post-surgery footwear: I recently had surgery on my ankle after breaking it pretty badly & needed to find socks to wear under my brace (aircast boot). My doc said I could just wear my own socks but my own socks are way too tight to comfortably wear with my swollen foot & ankle. I found these & they're perfect to comfortably fit without putting any pressure on my incredibly sensitive foot. The only con would be the price - not sure why it's so expensive to make what are basically incredibly lightweight mesh socks (they do have extra padding on the feet but they're still very light/thin socks). But ultimately they're worth the price for me (so much so I'm buying a second pair).
"0", Not great: I guess these would be good if you had foot surgery and wanted to place something lose and protective over bandaging but not for under a boot cast. I was under the impression these would be tall enough to almost reach my knee. They only go about 4" above the ankle. Very wimpy probably wouldn't hold up to too many washes.
"4", I've never felt better!: Bringing Yoga to the office is the object of this neat compact workbook Desktop Yoga. If you've got five minutes in your day to devote to Lusk's simple and effective exercises your work day will seem like less of a burden. Great for relieving stress! A must-have!
"4", This is a God-send: This is a wonderful resource that helps me get through every day at work. My headaches and neckaches are better since I started using the yoga stretches and breathing techniques. It has taught me how to powernap to revive me from feeling exhausted and has given me lots of tips on how to cope with change handle stress and enjoy life more. A lot of helpful information is packed into the useful book. Thank you very much.
"4", Excellent book especially for working people: Provides many yoga-based stretching exercises that are great for people who spend a lot of time working at a desk or some other sort of sedentary occupation.
"0", NOT WORTH THE MONEY: This is totally different from the "classic albums" series of DVDs that have come out which I love. This is a "classic album under review" which basically has a bunch of fat old guys talking about how great AC/DC is. The clincher for me was the fact that they had an AC/DC tribute band on to play the guitar riffs from this album. A TRIBUTE BAND?!?!? I'm sure that was great fun for those guys to do but I think the people watching would rather see the actual band playing the songs. This DVD went on WAY too long and only had little snippets of the band playing live. Way too much filler for me and not what I thought this DVD was going to be. I do not recommend it.
"0", Come on.............: We know Back in Black was one of the best albums in history...do we really need some "experts" to tell us this ??I'm a big AC/DC fan I would not buy this....
"0", Unbeliavable....: So they release a DVD to say how good "Back in Black" is (as if we needed to be remembered of that...) and they put a photo at the front cover with SIMON WRIGHT in the line-up instead of Phil Rudd! Wright joined the band THREE YEARS after the recording of "Back in Black".This fact alone is a very good omen of the real intentions of this product: to make easy and fast money and offering nothing new about this classic rock album. Useless.
"4", cheaper on overstock: I have bought sensus memory foam pads for every bed I have had to sleep on in the last few years and I love them. [...] My first Sensus mattress topper was a 4 inch version from a bedding website and that did cost me over 400 and I still felt that it was worth it but i would have given up the inch and just gotten the 3 inch version on overstock if I knew it would cost less than half that. The shipping costs on overstock are almost nonexistant as well. Maybe the person who said it wore out after 5 years wouldn't be so upset if he/she only paid 170. That would work out to only $34/year.
"0", Manufacturer does not honor their warranty: It was a great mattress topper while it lasted. However in less than five years of ownership I noticed the topper lost a considerable amount of firmness. It became too soft to sleep on except for the edges and I found myself waking up less refreshed. It's like trying to sleep on a 'V' shaped mattress.I contacted the manufacturer Foamex twice via email but they never responded. Finally I called and was told they won't service the mattress; redirecting me back to the seller who has since gone out of business. I have no experience with this seller however I would suggest anyone considering purchasing a Sensus brand viscoelastic mattress or topper be aware that you will likely have problems before the ten-year warranty has expired. Plus even if you find a seller who doesn't turn a warranty claim into a hassle you will find they are rather expensive to repackage and ship. I will not purchase another Sensus or Reflex brand product.
"4", This is not a review.: This is not a review it's a rave. This is not some piece of self-conscious tricked out contempo ironic (the knowing wink in the voice) cooler than thou vocabulary popcorn or breathy lil grrl prom panic whine. This is real music. The full range of expression. It will move you. Watch out.
"4", KING OF SLEEZE OF THE 70'S: If you enjoy bad scripts bad actors poor film quality that was the early 70's this is right up your alley.
"0", Enough with the Adult Conspiracy!: The Xanth series is what got me reading sci-fi and fantasy novels. Its a shame this series has turned into unreadable mush.Zombie Lover was the last book I've bought in this series and I don't think I'll continue with it. I can't take in anymore stories of adolescents thinking about who they want or don't want to have sex with.
"4", book: received used book purchase 1 day early very happy about that. book was in great shape. book purchased for gift and recipient was very happy with it.
"4", Enjoyable novel: This was the first Xanth novel I ever read but it was easy enough to get into. I wasn't too confused by reference to other Xanth novels as they were minimal and were not much focused on. Some of the jokes were rather funny and the plot had enough humorous twists in it (and a couple of cool surprises!) to keep me well-entertained. It was a rather enjoyable book though I definitely like Incarnations of Immortality better. overall 3.5/5 stars.
"4", Another Excellent Achievment: This book was another wonderful addition to the Xanth series. As with all of the Xanth books it was a book that I could not stop reading. The book was interesting from beginning to end. To experience yet another adventure with the well known characters was a real treat and gets better with each book.
"0", Zombie Lover or SexSexSex: This is the worst of the Xanth novel that I have read. I was greatly disappointed in the emphasis on sex. This book seemed to be written for the politically correct morally lost society member. Piers Anthony did his Xanth fan's a disservce with this novel. Also take note of the cover picture a small peite "white girl" and a zombie well part of that is in the story. Why was the cover misleading possibly to sell this trashy novel. Save your money don't buy this book.
"4", smelly pens: My kids love these pens. They last and last.I had a set from the late 1970's and I could still color with them.This was our 2nd set for the kids and deffinately will purchase again.
"4", Compact and Convenient: Works great and compact and convenient. The detachable lanyard is nice for when I don't want to carry my pack with me. I don't see myself using the white and black cards too often but they're nice to have. The cards are of a nice quality thick enough to not bend accidentally when in the camera bag.
"4", Great color small size: I take photos of antique prints for sale in a controlled condition (photo lights etc) making correct color of utmost importance. The card is small to set the white balance on my camera but works wonderfully with Adobe Lightroom to set the custom white balance. I am new to photography but have found that this combination is working well for me.
"0", An Inferior Copy of a Great Product: I think this is my first review in the years I've been on Amazon but for once I feel that I need to speak out on a bad product.I bought both the DGK and theWhiBal White Balance Reference Card - Pocket Kit (2"x3.5")and I have to say that the WhiBal just feels better and feels that it will last a lot longer(the DGK cards are only about the third of the thickness of a WhiBal). However the Digital Grey Kard has one thing going for it it has a superior laynard.I would recommend spending a few bucks more and get theWhiBal White Balance Reference Card - Pocket Kit (2"x3.5")instead.
"4", Works Great-short comings yes but--: As a retired negative wedding photographer I want spot-on results. But with the digital age I had trouble getting exposure/white balance correct. Yes the processor could correct for my "slight" errors. I did not appreciate how important white balance was nor that it can change as easy as exposure. After a couple of tests w/this card. I was amazed at the skin tones I got. I used a drug store type quality (Costco) for convenience & speed and got great exposures! Just think what a higher quality firm (i.e. Dale Labs) can do with my files!Photo correction programs: Just use the "eye-dropper" tool; get color corrections- presto!Short comings: The cards could be larger! The instructions could be more detailed- The makers of this product could benefit from comments here!
"4", Great Movie: Bought this item for my son and he loves it!!! I ordered it for Christmas and was a little worried it wouldn't make it to my house in time but to my surprise it arrived very quickly!!
"0", dissapointment: If you're getting this DVD for the trains like i was don't bother unless you're looking for 2 Thomas trains. You're not going to get Donald like the picture shows.
"0", Earland below average: This 1991 Muse Records CD (out of print)is among Earlands weakest B-3 performances recorded. Standard tunes like "Unforgetable" and "Europe" (yes the Santana hit) is arranged and played like elevator music and goes nowhere...But there are moments where Earland shines and cook's predictable with his combo like on "Sheila" and "Kicker" but thats all. Even Earland's sidemen like Eric Alexander on tenorsax does not lift the overall performance quality. Thia is not capured misic this manufactured music. For Earland collectors - put this CD in your shelf and start looking for Earlands recordings on Prestige Milestone and Savant/HighNote
"4", Great Fun Album: They are at a party playing mostly acoustic guitars and bongo drums. They sing some Beatles tunes as well as their own. They have allot of fun on this and it's an unusual album.It says instrumental but they do sing and they sing acapella's too that's where the other tracks are. There are 2 different albums and one does have 20+ tracks
"4", good for accompanying: I bought this CD originally when I was in junior high to accompany me while I practiced my saxophone (I preferred to practice to Beach Boys music over the school fight song). Anyway it's also good for karaoke. However be careful listening to the previous reviewer who either can't count or has a different CD. There are 15 tracks on the CD which last I checked is *not* over 20.
"4", Dysfunctional Funeral: While many families don't get along for one reason or another... Sometimes it takes a miracle to make people look at their own lives a bit closer... in this film.. mainly a comedy with some twist... you might relate to dealing with a whole family coming together for a mothers funeral.You may check out the trailer here as long as Youtube has it available[...]
"0", Chinese American Film at its worst: This is the worst film I have ever seen made by and about Chinese Americans. It may be of interest to people of mixed Asian ancestry since most of the cast is of mixed race. The premise may have been taken from an episode of ... Little House on the Prairie(!) wherein Charles helps a woman fake her own funeral to bring her "distant" kids home to see her.
"0", BIG THUMBS DOWN: I rented this thinking it would be an interesting subject on American-Chinese tradition here in the U.S. But I was wrong it was a total disappointment. The story and its sub-plots are too contrived. The script is very formulaic; even adding a twist at the ending was typical and intentional - just so for audiences who likes a twist in their movies. Any viewer wouldn't get involved watching this film. Basically this is about a group Chinese-American siblings who has hang-ups with themselves and among each others. Set in the affluent neighborhood of San Francisco it portrays an embarrassingly rich family by showing the amenities of the matriarch's sprawling extravagant house. Tennis a dip in the pool jacuzzi anyone? Jeez! I wouldn't recommend this movie to anyone.
"4", Shake Shake Shake: Great Gift Great Value - I had to get one for myself. The glasses are over sized and the shaker stirs up a great batch of dry Martini's. I love the retro glass look and the shaker has a seal to prevent leaking while shaking your favorite drink.
"4", good martini set: glasses are awesome. They look great and they are larger than your average martini glasses. All my friends loved the glasses when I had a martini party.The shaker looks great but alas it leaks all over your hands when shaken despite having a seal. So be careful!!But for this price it's still a great buy.
"0", Aesthetically pleasing but not functional: While I like the looks of this set a lot with its retro feel I find the shaker to be in need of a design overhaul. Every time this is used (and it's been used by several people so I don't think it's a user problem) it spills while pouring! This has been very frustrating to lose good top shelf vodka because of poor design. I had to go out and purchase another shaker because of this problem so I would not recommend this set.
"4", Very Nice: I got a similar set (3-pc with shaker and 2 glasses). I agree with the other reviews about the shaker it leaks a little bit. I suggest getting another shaker but keeping this one around as a back-up OR wrapping a small towel around the leaky seam. I like the texture of the shaker and glasses. It's classy and not so overdone that it's tacky.
"0", Beware: The set is cute to look at but as far as actually using it is terrible. The glasses are fine but the shaker is so hard to use I actually took a chunk out of my finger trying to get it open to refill it! I've never used it again.
"0", A booklet- not a textbook!: At 60 pagesthis is over-priced and not a course for adults. As basic instruction for those 10 and under it is probably okay. For anyone who even doodles while talking on the phone- forget it!
"4", art book: I was happy with the book on how to draw but it is for an older child. I'm sure our granddaughter will be able to do the drawing just not the reading. We will need to help her.
"0", Not for Metal!: Received this in great time- I have no problem with the seller:-)BUT! The inside of the case lists all types of materials this can cut including metals which is what I got it for.One punch through soft 26ga copper sheet and the edges of the punch bent & in some areas flaked off. The second disk I cut did it in completely. I had to file all of the edges and it probably would have been easier to cut the sheet with shears.So not for metals.However I can see it would be great for leather paper & plastics.To me it was worth the money spent on the chance that it would actually cut metal disks.
"0", Not good!: I purchases this set for simple craft projects...mainly to cut card stock and cardboard. I tried hammering the punches with my 12 oz. hammer and it didn't go through the card stock. Got my husbands big beefy hammer...it still will not punch through thin card stock. I am very disappointed in this product. Glad I didn't pay a lot...complete waste of $
"4", Awesome!: Just what I needed. Worked like a charm. Loved the various sizes. I suggest using an x-acto cutting mat underneath the leather. It'll get destroyed but it gives you a nice clean cut.
"0", BEWARE OF SERIOUS SAFETY CONCERN!: I really dont want to give this product a bad rating as it is just a simple tool that does what its supposed to. But it has a serious safety flaw/problem!!:The kit came with no instructions so I was figuring out how it worked and as I was turning the screw on the side of the barrel the sharp pointed 2 inch pin needle inside the barrel shot out like a projectile dart. It was spring loaded and the screw is what held it in.Luckily it wasnt aimed at myself or anyone because it could have caused serious injury. After the pin shot out I was left feeling very disturbed that this tool could have taken out my eye out.So I feel compelled to warn and advise others who might be buying this tool set.
"0", West Coast Avant Garde: Listen to the sound bite before you buy. I didn't but I should have. This is way to modern for me I like cool west coast jazz but this is sort of Ornette Coleman meets Karlheinz Stockhausen--very modern in tone. If that is your bag the album is for you otherwise pass this one by.
"4", Listen Compute Rock Home: I received this record as a gift and have listened to it over and over with my friends at school. Many of the items are great for kids but my friends and I love the psychedelic music and sound effects. My current favorite is "Army Ants in Your Pants"...very imaginative!
"0", wonder woman costume: This was purchased for my daughters halloween costume. BEWARE! Very cheap material! The sizes are different from what it reads online and the pieces of the costume are different sizes. For example: the skirt is way too small but the pullover "boots" fit just fine. As all the other reviews claim the outfits "color/graphics" peeled off because it was stuck to the plastic package. I do not recommend this unless they are only using it for dress up.
"4", pretty good: Got this through Amazon for my daughter's superhero party. She could hardly wait to put it on. The quality is OK - some parts (like the skirt) have gotten stuck together and the color has come off a bit. For a costume though it'll serve a good purpose and provide hours of fun. The boots a really high. My daughter is tall for her age but the boots go all the way up (and even under) the skirt. Just FYI.
"4", Engulfing  tremendous makes you feel like you were there: This book is totally engulfing from page one .It puts thereader inside the fall of a great empire . It really makesyou feel as if though you were there . And it also gives youso much knowledge  that you could talk about it as if thoughwere there . A definite must read for anyone interested inhistory  and for those who are not also . Because it is agreatly written story about the most important event in thiscentury
"0", Printing is WAY too small!: Book is over 600 pages and the print is so small it was difficult for me to try to read so I returned it. Perhaps if it ever comes out on Kindle I would try again.
"0", Lenin's Tomb : The Last Days of the Soviet Empire: this book should be a text book for those studying soviet history. the author assumes that the reader is very well informed--certainly better informed that i am. he drops names that are mostly meaningless and impossible to put into context! his vocabulary is beyond the college level. do you know the word "ramify"? i didn't.but the positive side is that remnick has done remarkable research. he has put himself into situations that have put him at risk. his descriptions are graphic and frightening. he is courageous.i read the first half but couldn't continue. it is part of my too hard file.
"4", Fascinating tour of the times leading up to and after the fall of the Soviet Union: This book is a fascinating exploration of the last days of the Soviet Union providing a background of the broad mix of events and people involved both before during and after the Gorbachev era. It maps the mindset and events during this dramatic change. It is told with a direct personal style that I found gripping and that gives a very good sense of the societal changes and impacts. I highly recommend it.
"0", Huge & Unreliable: I don't know if i got a faulty binderor its just bad quality because it's a big binder but the moment i opened it and put some paper in and then closed it I noticed that the ring was broken it wont shut all the way tightly and so EVERY SINGLE TIME that I try to take anything out or move papers it opens and its just a big mess. I had to get a new one because i couldn't even use it and it's frustrating because im in school and NEED a binder that will just WORK !
"0", Broke within the first week: I bought this binder for my son who started middle school. Withing the first week one set of rings did not close properly and now my son has to carefully go through his notebook so the papers don't fall out. Everything gets stuck at the point where the rings don't completely close. Poorly made product.
"4", This thing is huge: I got this for my 800+ page unbound textbook and it could easily hold at least 300 pages more. The only problem with it is because of the size you cannot put it into a backpack with room for anything else. I ended up having to get a smaller 2-inch binder and put a few chapters at a time in it for easier transportation.
"4", Great Find: After long search for translation of Montale's poems this bilingual edition was perfect. Book was in perfect condition and arrived at exactly the announced date.
"0", very bad movie/DVD quality: I've been studying South Asia so I thought I'd watch some movies by people in the region. The movies arrived quickly but the sound quality is terrible and the DVDs themselves skip and get stuck on my computer my parents' DVD player and every other DVD player you put them on. The movies themselves have great storylines and music but the DVDs are really poor quality.
"0", Probably the Worst Movie I've Ever Seen: I have a relatively high tolerance level for bad flicks but this one is beyond tolerable. If you check the credits after the movie it appears as if the producer hired his family and friends as the actors. Summary (no pun intended): Horrific acting (I could have acted those scenes better than the so called actors; Frightful script (who talks like that anyway "The zombies are breaching our stronghold I would advise that we seek an alternative egress route in order to address the impending conflict"; Brain Blending effects: Nothing like a karate kick to the face that missed by about 6 inches yet knocks the zombie through the window. My review is more interesting than this movie. Give me a camcorder and an Amazon makeup kit (shameless plug) and I could have done this movie. There is nothing redeeming about this... NOTHING!
"0", Come on is this Real??: You figure zombie movies have been out for at least 20 years and to this date we still can't produce a low budget zombie movie with better actors. The dialogue was good the presentation sucked. it was like they were reading the dialogue instead of experiencing it. The plot was good as well. This movie had all the elements of a well made zombie flick but no one was chomped only the token Lesbian Black chick. Good try but I wanted more.
"0", Uhh.: I can not be certain but I don't think the other reviewers and I saw the same movie. Acting was terrible video was terrible plot was terrible. Good try I guess.
"4", More Z's Please!: This was a cool fast paced indie zombie movie. Would defiantly recommend friends and family to see this film. Would like to see what this company could come up with if given the opportunity to do a second or third zombie film. Oh and the disclaimer at the end of the film about no zombies being hurt during the filming of the movie was pretty neat too.
"0", not very good: i don't remember this movie so i know it was bad. i probably did not watch the whole thing. bad production bad acting
"0", This was a waste of time.: Let's keep this simple: promising plot ruined by -Bad acting.Poor and often ignorant dialogue (scripting).Inconsistent plot elements (slow walking zombies then fast ones then back to slow).An inhabited island overrun by zombies yet not a SINGLE boat was available anywhere.Piss poor directing.What else is there left to say?
"0", The Worst!: I'm not sure what zombie movies the other reviewers have watched but I find it hard to believe they actually liked this one. I feel like I was tricked into paying for this based on the reviews. The acting sucks. The set design sucks. The effects suck. What I'm trying to say is that this movie sucks.
"0", dont waste your time or money.: lower then low budget with horrible dialogue and acting. Two six year olds could have done better with a couple of kindergarten actors
"0", The DVD has missing segments!: In the past our family has purchased three videos from this series and LOVED THEM! This DVD advertised SIX segments on its cover and on Amazon's advertising but only three interrupted segments were on the disc we received. In the end the contexts for the stories are missing and so is one title of each segment pair intended to support the educational message. Has anyone else had this problem or do we have defective discs? We are returning ours to Amazon ASAP. and hope to get corrected discs.
"4", The belt was not included: When I finally gave the costumes to the kids I noticed that the one custome of Batgirl was not complete. The belt was missing.
"4", My 7 year old daughter loved being batgirl...: The costume was perfect for my daughter and the best part is the costume came with every thing you need to be a very adorable batgirl. The quality was good as well.
"0", Poor quailty: Item sizing was not consistent. Had to make modifications just to wear it and make it fit. Cheap and torn before could even use it.
"4", My daughter liked it: While I am not a big fan of this costume my four year old liked it and that's all that matters. She wore it almost every day before Halloween and she felt so proud to say to others she was going to be a super hero for Halloween. She definitely has enjoyed it the price was great so I am happy with this purchase.
"0", ok: This costume is very flimsy but the bright pink color is great. The only problem we had was the elastic on the mask was too short to fit my daughter's head. So I cut it off and used glue dots to glue the mask onto a pair of sunglasses that I pushed the lenses out of. Perfect fit and much easier to wear!
"0", not too durable.: This was great as a Halloween Costume. however after my daughter tried it on one of the straps on the leg covers broke and the mask was too tight. Good for a one time use. My daughter enjoyed it.
"4", Too bad it did not bring the Mask: My 4-year old girl loved the costume but unfortunately it did not include the mask. I inquired the seller and they confirmed there was a confusion : the description of the Costume did not include a mask  I replied even I did not notice it in the description the picture showed the girl with the mask and there was no clarification about it. I think they should have made a clarification it seems to me it is false publicity. It is good to know they have updated the picture.
"4", Batgirl was a Christmas hit!: My 3 year-old niece loves to dress up so we got her this costume for Christmas. She loved it and spent the rest of Christmas vacation wearing it.
"0", Missing main dress belt and cloak!!!: I received the package with missing main dress belt and cloak (I received only the mask gauntlets and shoes cover)I'm an oversea customer and it will be very costly for me to return this item as already I paid the shipment fees to get this item.I sent them an e-mail on 1/11/2013 requesting to send me the missing items  BUT they didn't respond till now!!!
"4", Good for the price: My daughter loved the styling loves being a "super hero." We got this on discount on the offseason so it was an extremely good buy.
"0", Cape is very small/ fabric is very thin: The material is thin thin thin which I expected from this kind of costume. The mask didn't really hold up for one halloween party and one night of trick or treating. The worst part was that the cape in the picture is big enough for the girl to hold with both hands but in reality it isn't that big at all. Also the velcro that holds the cape on didn't even hold up on Halloween night. Disappointing
"4", Fabulous: The costume came fast and fit awesome. My only complaint was with the shoe coverings. They broke easily and would not stay on my daughters shoes so we ended up not using them.
"0", Expect what you pay for: The price was cheap and so was a majority of the craftsmanship. Also the belt was not in the package and we bought it new.
"0", Wouldnt buy it again!: I bought two of these bat girl costumes for my two daughters. The masks started falling apart after the first time wearing them. The material was so cheap it literally fell apart!!! I was SO disappointed! By the time Halloween came I had completely redone the masks and stapled the silver belt back together.I have never rated anything before but I couldn't help myself I want people to know what they are buying.
"0", Wouldn't recommend: The sizing of this costume was fairly accurate but it very cheaply made. After only a few wears the mask and belt both broke. I wouldn't recommend this costume.
"4", Great Costume!: This is a fabulous costume! My daughter loves it and has had it on every day since it arrived last week. She even slept in it a couple of nights. The other reviews are correct in saying that it needs some mending. We had to reinforce the velcro on the mask and the elastic on the bottom of the boots. After a little stitching it is fine. We also sewed on a small piece of material to the back of the face mask so that it wouldn't stretch any further and tear. This was a fabulous idea. Do it! I only deducted one star for this because the rest of it is great. The material is a durable shiny pink. My daughter is a size 4 and wears a size 9 shoe and the small fits perfectly. If she were a 5 or older I would get the medium. Totally worth the money.
"0", Too small and stained: I ordered this for my average sized 8 year old. I purchased the medium (size 8-10) and it is way too small. It's too short tight around the shoulders the boot covers don't cover her foot and the mask won't go around her head (not even close and again she's 50%ile in both height & weight for her age). This size would be better for a 5 year old! And if that isn't bad enough the cape has a dark (non-removable) stain on it! I'm hoping I can return it w/o paying for shipping considering this item is damaged.
"0", Bad thing: The fabric is very common the finishes are really bad the mask was broken the first time the layer has no seams the fabric also is leadership not what I expected.
"0", poor: Was missing the belt for one thing was to small had to order another one just so she could use it they need to put the correct size on the item we ordered a 5-6 got ot and the item said fits size 4-5
"0", No belt!!!: My costume was a small and didn't fit my 5 year old wayyyy to tight and it dd t come with the belt!!!
"4", Awesome Costume: This is a great costume. All the extra pieces make it really great. This is one of our favorite costumes.
"4", cute costume: cute costume but make sure you get all the pieces im missing the belt and i already threw the packaging away and i didnt even notice the belt was missing :(
"4", She loves it: Pink Bat-girl is a hit at our house. She loves to dress up. Costume is a little flimsy but will last through the Halloween season and maybe some dress-up after. Skimpy and thin so plan on wearing something under it. (I wish we had bought a size larger) Don't be fooled by the cape it does not go over the shoulders only behind the back. It is very cute and my 7 year old daughter loves it.
"4", like this on the best: I have purchased many bevel tools and I like this one because it goes further down into thehole and the shape feels better to my hand especially when working out a lot of thumb holesused this product a lot and haven't had to sharpen it yet.
"4", Lush "Masquerade" enegetic Gayne &Spartacus: My title says it all. Love this CD. Khachaturian is a great great Artist and he always thrills and touches you. You'll love this one.
"4", Umbra 24-inch tension rod: I am pleased with the rod as it fit the small shower enclosure. It did fall only once after I put it up but I retightened it and it's remained in place ever since. Excellent value for the dollar
"4", great!: I bought this for a narrow entry tiled shower. It was very hard to find a tension bar that would work for my 26" shower opening - not to mention I wanted a nickel or chrome finish. The bar fits snugly but is not as heavy as I had hoped. It hold a thin shower curtain very well but would not hold up to a heavier curtain. Perfect for my use/
"0", THIS IS NOT A SHOWER CURTAIN ROD: I searched Amazon for "shower curtain rod nickel" and this product is returned in the results. From the image it looks just like other shower curtain rods sold on Amazon; however this rod is only about 1/2 inch in diameter and will not work as a shower curtain rod. Don't be fooled like I was.
"0", thin: The picture seems to show a somewhat robust rod but what you get is a very thin (1/2") rod. When exteneded to near its mazimum length it becomes very flimsy and will barely hold my small shower curtain without bowing in the middle. I would have expected a little better for the price and the intended use. But it works and it's black.
"0", Item was nice color: This rod was too flimsy in my stall shower to stay up more than 10 minutes with a curtain. We put it up at least four times and it fell down. I returned it. Color was nice it was extremely thin.
"0", Disappointing: The pieces that attach to the shower wall are very small. Because of this the rod never stays in place!!
"0", Not good for showers: Nice item for the price but not good for shower curtain use; not enough tension force. Best for light curtains in small windows.
"4", Nice Tension Rod: It might not be the strongest but so far it has done it's job very well. It looks very nice and I am pleased. Just make sure that you dont leave it loose or it will fall on your head. Overall a nice product for the price.
"0", Too Small for a Shower Curtain: This rod is way to small for use with a shower curtain. I have no idea why it even comes up in the search. It may work for a simple curtain but I doubt it.
"0", Pretty but not functional: This curtain rod looks nice but can barely hold any weight. It will only work with sheers.
"0", Poor Quality: This item does not look like the photo. It is very thin (.5" or so) and the round decorative end part is very small (about 1.5" diameter). There is a piece of white plastic that shows at the end of the rod that is not in the photo. It does not look well made- I would have preferred one of the plain white ones that you can buy anywhere- they look heavy duty next to this one. I have had an Amazon account for 10 years or so and I have never before returned an item. This will be my first time.
"4", Umbra tension rod: I am pleased with my Umbra tension rod. I needed a rod with no hardware because my new house has concrete block walls and deep window wells. This tension rod fits the bill and is a very attractive too.
"0", Shower Curtain Rod Review: Umbra Coretto 24 to 36-Inch Decorative Tension Rod BlackThe rod is really good looking. However because it is so thin the weight of my shower curtain keeps causing the rod to come loose. If I had any idea I probably would not have bought the rod. However my shower is at the wider end....so maybe a person would have better luck if their shower is closer to 24".
"4", Julia Child at her absolute best!!!!: This is my absolute favorite cooking series on PBS. Julia Child in her own home kitchen with some of the greatest chefs working today. Her warmth and quirky humor shines throughout and she has a lovely rapport with many of the guests. She is genuinely enthusiastic about the baked goods and her baker-guests are obviously thrilled to be cooking side-by-side with Julia. Truly entertaining even if you never make any of the recipes yourself! I only wish that they would make a box-set of the entire series!!
"0", This DVD is not as represented in the description.: There are only 8 out of about 24 episodes from the Baking With Julia series on the DVD. Amazon would not guarantee me a full refund if I returned it since I took off the plastic.Even though I had not viewed it. I didn't notice that it was only 8 episodes till after a tore the plastic off and looked at the back of the dvd. Definitely is not work the money.
"0", Sent damaged product: I received this DVD in a well packed box with another item. The other item was in perfect condition. However this DVD's case was broken in several (at least 4) places. As I said the box was well packed and insulated. The DVD had obviously been sent in the damaged state it was received in. Most disturbing is the fact that the damage to the DVD case was so OBVIOUS. Pieces are broken off inside the celephane wrapping that you can see and when you pick it up you cannot miss feeling them.The DVD itself skips in several places.Unacceptable and unethical behavior on the part of the sender. They had to have known they were sending me a severely damaged DVD case. It had to have been damaged at the time they packed it in the box.As a result I was not able to give it as a gift as planned.
"4", A National Treasure: Julia Child was just the best! The entire food world as we now know it owe it all to her. Watching this as well as any other of her shows particularly her first shows are exciting enlightening educational! She is missed & will always be the best!!!
"0", Shoddy Disks: The shows (and Julia) are great. 5 stars for them but the disk was defective from the manufacturer and would not play segment 2 (Decorative Loaves). First disk would freeze up and shut down the entire disk (as if stop button were pressed). Exchanged it and had the same problem with the second one. These shows deserve a much better presentation than this manufacturer was willing to give it. Great show but lousy DVD mastering job.
"0", Longevity: I was initially impressed with the company and the product. The company ended up to be local which was a plus. The product didn't last a year and I purchased two of them. Both failed inside of a year.
"4", One of the best albums I've heard in years: This is a front to back cd which is a rarity. Kershaw puts together intelligent thought-provoking lyrics with layered music that always has a lot going on.His creativity in terms of sounds that he comes up with is incredible. One can hear a little radiohead influence on this album.His transition from 80's alterna-pop to his now contemporary 90's acoustic-based sound seems so natural and is actually an improvement on his earlier stuff. I can't wait to hear what he comes up with next.
"4", Nik in the 2000's: I remember him in the 80's. I found some new tracks of his on youtube. Those tracks grew on me and I bought the CD. It's true just about every song is great.Slower pace and slightly more acoustic than his 80's work. The songs are more from his heart which is where every good song comes from.It's that type of album.
"4", At LEAST 15 minutes of listening pleasure!: This is what I listen to when I'm in my Adult Contemporary mood. (Well it's Kershaw more often than it is Springsteen) I've heard of all Nik's old 80's albums and this really makes them sound bad. I mean of course songs such as "The Riddle" and "Wouldn't It Be Good" are better than anything on earth but this new material is consistently impressive."Billy" is instantly likeable while songs like "Shine On" and "Made in Heaven" are the slower favourites. "God Bless" is the only stinker while every other song entertains us with cool guitars and songs that really grow on you over time.I guess all I'm trying to say it's worth the wait when an artist perfects their art instead of churning out rubbish twice a year.
"4", Handy Device: Very compact well made helps me level the camera when I set it on sloped surfaces and it stays in place due to the rubber feet. For the price and size it's a great alternative.
"4", The Best Pocket Tripod: This Sony VCT-TK1 is by far the best pocket tripod for instant use. I take it out of my pocket screw on my camcorder and it is ready to instantly take videos or self pictures.(Incidently I have a wide variety of other different pocket-type tripods with three small legs and adjustable ball pan and tilt but I do not use them.)
"4", Good simple...but limited Korean food: This is a good VEGETARIAN cookbook for those who want to cook meatless Korean food but in my opinion it is missing many delicious and meatless Korean dishes. The receipes are simple and easy (and they offer substitutes for certain Korean foods that might be hard to buy in the US.) Overall good stuff but you might want to also get a general Korean cookbook for more variety. You can always leave out the meat...
"0", Fasion Fops Faux Pas: I have to agree with the previous reviewer. This book is more like the cliff notes to a book about men's fashion tradition style etc. The other half of the book is relatively useless - unless of course you're a millionaire & world traveller. The prose is humorous at times becasue it's so pretentious - bordering on the effeminate a la Niles Crane. Still there are some very imporatnt basice male fashion rules established by history and tradition discussed in this book which one wishes were adhered to more regularly. The first half of the book is serviceable but not authoritative. Flusser comes off somewhat foppish and the picture of him on the dustjacket would lead me to question his taste in if nothing else haircuts! I would consider a better book with far more lavish detail and illustrations to be "Gentlemen : A Timeless Fashion" only recently published.
"0", Dreadful: 3/4 of this book is where to shop with locations noted in Chicago Houston Florence Milan NYC Vienna etc (but not Beijing Shanghai or Hong Kong). The rest is spoiled by a pompous overbearing style that makes it unreadable.
"4", Style knowledge by Alan: This book is an excellent source of knowledge and information. So much of the information is still relevant today and is timeless. The deep level of knowledge and in sight into the industry and business is a real feast for the novice.Would recommend this to any man that is interested in his clothing image. The value of representing your self to the best of your ability.Colt 45
"4", An Essential Part of your Collection: This book should occupy a prominent place in your collection. Yes its ok to own more than one book on sartorial correctness. Take this book for its strenghts (i.e.the correct way to buy fine clothes) and don't worry about its drawbacks. This is an excellent source for learning about the theory and practice of dressing like a proper man. Much has been made about the outdated addresses of some of the stores in the second half of the book. Well my response is..get over it. Fine mens stores change addresses its a fact of life. The important thing is the name and description of the store. With that said sit back and enjoy the text and pictures and take responsibility for being a well heeled gentleman...if you dare.
"4", Great if limited: Flusser is the second best writer on clothes (Boyer is the best) and the most knowledgeable. This is a very good book whose only shortcoming is a lack of information. The first sections are shorter than I would have liked them and the subsequent sections though fascinating reading are of limited usefulness to anyone who is not a rich globetrotter.Still there is a lot of great info in those shop descriptions but you have to glean it all out. An index would have been welcome.All told: clothing is about taste and Flusser's taste is the best in the world bar none. He has more than earned his position as arbiter of men's dress.
"0", Overrated book: I bought this book a year ago mainly because of its high ratings. But I was disappointed. I read it once and I found the style of writing outdated and the content not so useful: many addresses where you should buy things but how useful is that? I don't live nearby these places and I want to learn WHY you should buy certain things so that I can decide for myself what is good to buy and what not. Such info is given only very briefly.
"0", Terrible: What if you live outside of New York? This book isn't applicable for anyone outside "The City." Buy a book from John Bridges instead.
"4", FOR THOSE WHO LIKE ONLY THE BEST !: MR.FLUSSER IS A MAN OF STYLE AND CLASSICAL ELEGANCE...IF YOU ARE LOOKING FOR A BOOK WHICH WILL TAKE YOU INTO A JOURNEY AMONG THE BEST - AND MOST EXPENSIVE- BRANDS AND SHOPS OF MEN'SWEAR DON'T HESITATE BUY IT !
"4", Outdated sure but still relevant: This book published in 1996 and half of which is a directory of shops was bound to be outdated months after publication much less ten years after as it is now. Hence the four stars instead of five.Given that the first part of the book is crammed with a precis or summary of Flusser's recommendations that he has used several hundred pages to expound in his other books ('Clothes And The Man' 'Dressing The Man') and makes the book worth the (used) book price.I do not understand others who warn against this book because they think it is not objective enough! This is a book written by Flusser so of course you will get his subjective view. Had it been written by a committee of tailors well then I would expect a more balanced view but it is not. It is up to the intelligent reader to understand they are getting a product of one man's opinion and then proceed accordingly.
"4", thank you for paving the way for me: bryan wilson is da bomb! I am a singer myself and i know good talent when i hear it. and when he sang "His Eye is on the Sparrow" it blow me away! He is phenomenal and I love to hear him sing because he feels what he is singing about and what singing really is--the anointing you put into it not the show so many people try to put on. I wish you much success in the future to come. Maybe I'll get to sing with you when I come out. May God forever bless you in your music ministry! Much love Your sister in Christ Connie
"4", An Awesome Ministry: I enjoy your music so much and every last one of your songs touch my heart. As a teenager I consider you a positive appearance and influence to all the other young people that they can be used of God and that they can stay saved. Be Blessed and keep looking up because your help cometh from the Lord and if you acknowledge God in all you do he will direct your path and give you the desires of your heart. God Bless You take care and continue to let God use you!
"0", sucks: I just received two of these guns today and they both broke after about two minutes of shooting don't buy it!!!
"0", Don't buy this gun!!!!!: I hate this gun. It barely shoots fifteen feet at about 50 feet per second. It looks and shoots cool but it really sucks. I don't recomend it at all
"4", Thank YOU Dr. Bernstein!: This book was a wellspring of information for me as a newly diagnosed type 2 diabetic. Getting off the cycle of being told to eat complex carbs seeing my blood glucose spike from doing just what I was told and getting medications increased again and again I read what Dr. Bernstein said with interest. After trying his recommendations I can say with no reservations that this book may have saved my life! I highly recommend it to anyone who has pre-diabetes or diabetes and hope that the general medical community opens their eyes. After only one day of this diet my blood glucose readings were close to normal and continue to stay there with less medication. My energy levels are high and I have felt better than I have in a long long time. Kudos to you Dr. Bernstein for daring to say the truth! I recommend both his books and also Dr. Atkins Diabetes Revolution to anyone who wants to learn about diabetes and diet.
"0", Sorry not convincing at all: Well as a vegetarian and resident of a country seeing exploding diabetic population ( India) I find this approach to diabetes unconvincing.ONE the emphasis is on animal foods. This has three difficultiescultural prohibitionsbiological concentration of alien hormones pesticides and antibioticsand last not least the cost factor of such a diet.TWO there is compulsive testing of blood sugar levels.THREE it encourages dependency on the clinician.Where's the sense of freedom in all this?In my counselling sessions I use sprouted whole legumes leafy vegetables NO ANIMAL PRODUCTS resistence exercises meditation family support. It all works fine.
"4", This book is packed with information on Diabetes!: Interesting and informative book! This book is helpful for all diabetics--even those who are very knowledgeable about diabetes. There's always something more to learn about this disease. The diet is very restrictive and challenging to follow. But a person's health does win out ultimately.
"4", Dr. Bernstein is GREAT!!!: Dr. Bernstein is a type 1 diabetic and had just about every sympton possible. He figured out the "diabetes code" and clearly explains how to control your diabetes. His cure is exactly opposite to that of the medical establishment. He was educated as an engineer then became a medical doctor late in life. His book is designed to educate and not to impress how smart he is. Buy it.David Smith
"4", excellent diabetes guide: This book has solved the problems we had while trying to manage my son's diabetes.You can find all answers in diabetes management.
"4", The proof is in the... not pudding...: The proof of a book on health issues is in the results it gets you and it's very hard to argue with the results I've gotten from following Dr. Bernstein's plan. Many others have reviewed this book more capably than I can but let me just say that after a few months of following Dr. B's diet I've lost 50 lbs. gotten normal blood sugars and feel better than I've felt in years. Highly recommended!
"4", A practical life-saving guide.: The book gives practical advice for those with diabetes. I've had type 2 diabetes for 13 years and when another ailment required me to use prednisone I needed insulin. Dr. Bernstein's book taught me about the types of insulin and syringes. His book removed my apprehension about needles and possible low blood glucose. Like many pioneers in medicine Dr. Bernstein's ideas were opposite to mainstream methods when his book was first introduced. However his recommendation for a limited carbohydrate diet like that of the late Dr. Atkins appears to be gaining acceptance. Control of diabetes is very much up to the patient. Dr. Bernstein's book puts life-saving knowledge in the hands of the patient. I have found it invaluable.
"0", Not Really for Diabetes II: This book is mostly for those with Diabetes one.This is his second book.His first book was a good one and full of useful info for both types of Diabetes.If you are a Diabetic type I then this book is for you.If you are a Diabetic II then buy his first book.I am a Diabetic II and this book was really a waste of my money.
"0", strait to the looney bin: i can't live without carbohidrates! if you want to lose your mind follow this diet; the pills dr bernstein prescribes for people who are addicted to carbohidrates my doctor will not prescribe i know this because he recomended me the high carb low fat diet to loose weight.
"0", Misleading: Blood sugar is only part of the equation. Following this type of diet causes high acidic levels which causes illness. This diet is nothing new. My grandmother followed this kind of plan back in the late 40's because they thought ALL carbs were bad. Today we know that the brain needs glucose to function. Carbs + high fiber leaves lower net carbs. And diabetics need a balance---in fact all people need a balance of healthy whole foods and exercise and fresh air. One more thing; my grandmother died of a massive heart attack on this kind of plan. She was only in her 50's.
"4", Diabetes Solution: This book was amazing. I found it when I was diagnosed with type 2 diabetes years ago. Dr. Bernstein has a somewhat radical idea that instead of letting blood sugar peak and then pull it back down with meds or insulin is dangerous long term. His idea of controlling and achieving normal blood sugar levels by controlling diet is very good. I have been able to control mine for a number of years my A1C is 5.3 and excellent value. My doctor got this book after I explained the ideas contained and he agrees with the plan Dr. Bernstein promotes here.
"4", Required Reading: I regard Dr. Bernstein as the top authority for Diabetes. This book will give a diabetic all the information required to completely understand his/her condition. I do not have the discipline to follow his recommended diet...however with the understanding of Carbs I can with diligence control blood sugars. I give more credence to the Glycemic Index than Dr. Bernstein...seems to work for me. I do not hesitate to recommend this book to all diabetics and partners of diabetics!
"4", The Type 2 Diabetes Answer.: Of the five books that I've read on diabetes this is the one that has all the answers. I've been on Dr. Bernsteins blood sugar normalization and weight loss program for 6 weeks and have lost 21 pounds with no craving for carbohydrates!! The program works because the author(a Type 1 diabetic)hasworked out all the answers from personal experience.
"0", Good songs but I have heard them all already: The Dissapointed. Why do I need demos of all the songs already on Apple Venus 1. Let's bring on Apple Venus 2 after all isn't that what we were promised?
"0", thumbs down: I don't actually own this album but I did buy Apple Venus and I'll say this: I hope that this album has the charm that that album lacked. I've never been so disappointed with an XTC album. Why would one buy an album of the exact same songs except in demo form? A shoddy attempt to extract money it seems. Shame on you XTC!
"4", Very nice: Yes the arrangements are almost identical to the studio release. But in many cases the performances are superior. Vocals come through clearer; ideas are more obvious. It's a real testament to their musicianship/professionalism that the songs are so similar in demo and final form. Clearly they are their own producers rather than pretty faced fools who let others turn their songs into hits. Have some heart pundits. They need the money. I read a long (and entertaining) interview where they described how much it cost to rent the orchestra for one day. It wiped out almost all the money they had. Yes their own money. So if you wanna hear the second Apple Venus quit yer yappin. This demo CD is for supporters and fans of musicians rather than record companies.
"4", I think you're missing the point.: I think a couple of people are missing the point... The reason this is out is (I heard) they didn't have the cash to finish AV Vol 2 so this would generate some cash AND be of interest to their core fans. Plus the demos ~are~ a good insight to their creative process.... I ~love~ to see the rough drafts... If you're just waiting for Vol 2 why did you buy this in the first place?
"0", Lame: Recipes are a bit strange and not easy to follow. I wouldn't recomment this book at this time for anyone serious about cooking.
"0", These chip: The price is right and these mugs have a great shape for easy handling. I wish I could say buy these But...the rims chip very easily. Someone else stated this in their review should of followed their advice.
"4", Just the perfect thing.: I only use these during the winter but they are so wonderful for warm winter drinks. Hot chocolate with whipped cream hot apple cider with a cinnamon stick hot buttered rum mulled wine homemade egg nog. Mm.When I received these I promptly dropped one on the tile from about five feet. It damaged my foot on the bounce more than it was damaged. Actually it was completely fine - not a single chip. Big thick durable - everything they should be.
"0", Not for Boiling Liquids?????????: I contacted Anchor Hocking and they said that they do not recommend liquids over 160 F degrees to be placed in these mugs. Other reviews seem to imply that people do put boiling liquids in the mugs but the company does not seem to sanction this use.I have had glass mugs crack on me before because I was not as careful as I should have been in reading the advertised claims so I am now very carefull. I passed on this product although they certainly do look beautiful.
"0", fragile.. fragile....very fragile...: I've had 6 of them for 1 month and one of them got lips chiped out already. (which one of the reviewer already commented that it happens often with these mug). It was sadly tossed out and now I'm worried they will eventually all dissapear out of my kitchen.Keep them apart from each other when you wash them. The slightest touch will chip it out unexpectedly.BTW: You can buy them individually at Bed and Bath Beyond for less price.
"0", Nice Basic Mug: I like the size and style of these mugs they go with anything and look like they'll last a long time.--- EDITED REVIEW --- Long term? not very durable. All but one have broken.
"4", size of mugs: The mugs are very nice but I guess I didn't think of the 16 oz. size as a result they are much larger than I would have liked them...other than that they are very nice and will be put to use...
"4", feel good music: This CD is typical of what your would expect from Idle Cure good old fashioned rock 'n' roll with Christian tones and themes. The music is inspirational and makes you feel good as you listen to it. I think any Christian rock fan would enjoy this. Idle Cure has a unigue sound that sets them apart from other bands. Give it a listen- you will like it.
"0", Core Sports Performance: A complete disappointment and waste of time. The narrator couldn't seem less interested; almost as though bothered by the project. Look somewhere else for a sports hypnosis cd.
"4", Very impressive book that deserves its high reputation.: This may have been written for professional military scholars and experts but it is also of immense value to amateurs and military buffs. This is solid heavy going but deeply analytical and more informative than any other book on the subject. It ranks alongside Ziemke and Bauer David Glantz and John Erickson (who have written a stunning review of it) as a top Stalingrad book.
"4", Lufwaffe operations from the Crimea to Stalingrad: An exellent study of the German Airforce from the fall of Sevastopol in the Crimea to its failure at Stalingrad. Very well written with a clear analysis of the events. Well worth the money and it belongs in every major collection on World War II's Eastern Front.
"4", Unsurpassed in importance!: The first edition came out in 1998 and six years on this work has not been surpassed for its importance as an analysis of WWII joint warfighting the Luftwaffe's way of war airpower in the Crimea airpower in the Caucasus airpower at Stalingrad and naturally the Stalingrad airlift itself.The reasons for this book's immediate "classic" status are easy to pick: totally accurate citing of hundreds of never-before-used sources in several languages drawn from major archives; a highly original approach to the writing of campaign histories; a clear argument; a fair and balanced approach; no Wehrmacht-devotee comments or tone (all too common I'm afraid); a wonderfully readable writing style; and precise footnotes that help the reader to determine the reliability of all claims or statements.A true model of a WWII campaign analysis. VERY highly recommended!
"4", AN EXCEPTIONAL WORK: This volume is a major contribution to the history of the Luftwaffe during the Russo-Germano war. "Stopped at Stalingrad" is also a richly drawn study of the most important air campaigns in the Eastern Front. Written in an accessible style this volume will be welcomed by anyone with an interest in the WWII. I was very pleasantly surprised by the book and also the quality of its contents. The author did a masterful job of research. Joel Hayward draws on diaries of both key commanders and regular airmen. He also shows that the poorly conceived strategies of Hitler and his buffoon Goering dommed the efforts of men such von Manstein Milch and Wolfram von Richthofen (an outstanding soldier) to come to grips with an impossible situation. I heartily recommended this book.
"4", Very good book: This is a very good description of Luftwaffe Operations on the Eastern Front. It has good background information speciffically about the economic side of it. Decisions made based on oil supply's rather than military objectives. Very interesting material.The only bad thing about this book is that the editing comes across as very sloppy. German names are often misspelled or incorrect. It is not Manstein but von Manstein not Bock but von Bock not Kluge but von Kluge.Also it is not Count von Sponneck but Graf von Sponneck. If you overlook those issues it is a very good book
"4", A must-have for everyone interested in the Stalingrad Battle: Recently I ordered 'Stopped at Stalingrad' from amazon.com. It was well worth the puchase as the book is both a profoundly researched study and an interesting read. It's a scholarly work which undoubtedly will become a classic in its field.Dnes Bernd Aviation Historian and Author
"4", Good Book on Eastern Front Luftwaffe: I learned a lot about the Eastern Front Luftwaffe. It is as much a study in the personalities as it is a history strategy book.
"0", Sufi is inSUFIcient: Seeking more knowledge of Sufism was my main reason for reading Catching the Thread. The description of Sufism was too scattered over the chapters for me to put the pieces together in a satisfying way. Just one chapter summarizing the basics would have made the difference. The amount of dream material was excessive. Why not just a few extensive case examples. It is impossible for me to judge the quality of the dream interpretation given the limited information on the dreamers. Most of the applications of Jungian concepts seemed appropriate to me. For those unfamiliar with Jungian psychology this book serves as a useful introduction.
"0", Not authentic: The title of this video mentions Argentine Tango. Unfortunately what is being taught on this tape is not authentic Argentine Tango. Not even close. It's ballroom tango. There is a huge difference: in music style steps posture etc... Don't be fooled by ballroom instructors trying to teach Argentine Tango. The only authentic instruction available on the market comes from authentic Argentine instructors from Buenos Aires.
"0", Much ado about latin ballroom tango: This version of tango is not argentine. It is ballroom latin american whatever you call it. Very misleading to call it argentine tango. But if you like ballroom dancing maybe this video is for you.
"0", How Not to become a good Argentine Tango dancer: This video is fine for ballroom dancers but it has nothing to do with the authentic Argentine Tango. Even ballroom dancing has now a separate category for Argentine Tango. Unfortunately this video is not that. That's why I rate it at 1.
"0", Overpriced: The price is too high for a VHS tape. Also the title is misleadig as Latin dancing has nothing in common with Argentine Tango. If you are NOT interested in authentic Tango Argentino and don't mind paying the high price for ballroom instruction on tape then this video is for you.
"0", too dark to see the instructors.: this video has a lot of dances for learning but each dance has only 3 steps so dont expect so much from this teaching video. if you want more than 3 steps then buy videos exclusively for a particular dance. this video will just wet your appetite but will not fill your hunger. also the background setting of this video is very dark as if you are inside a dark night club so you cannot see the footsteps of the teachers because both of them were wearing black pants that blend with the dark background terrible! plus the teachers teach from the side of the camera and sometimes facing the camera. this is not the ideal way to teach dance in a video. the teachers should be back to the camera so you can follow their footwork. for the money they charge for this video is not worth it.
"0", Tapes don't work for me.: There are a few things I didn't like about the tape. Firstly the price is too high. Secondly tape is inconvenient for a spoiled by technology user. It's much easier to work with DVDs and their menus. And lastly I realized that I'd rather spend 70 dollars on 4 monthly group lessons and learn basic steps and routines of one dance then try to master all by myself while watching a tape.
"4", Written with complete candor.: The Rangers have a very interesting and colorful history. Unfortunately not much of it positive. Nadel fills in all the blanks that existed from the Rangers formative years stories that were too sensitive at the time they occurred i.e. Rogelio Moret's mental illness something that was never addressed in the papers of the day. I assume the Rangers had a say in the editing of this book and I commend them for not trying to make Nadel whitewash the team's history.This book is where history begins and ends if you follow the Rangers.
"4", excellent: I bought the 1999 version and am about to order the newest edition. I had not been to Disney World in 12 years so I had no idea on what to do and where do go. The book was right on about every detail. I especially like the ride advice for little ones and the hotel recommendations. If you are planning a trip buy this book first!!!!!!!!!!
"4", Good Reference for Disney World: We're gearing up toward a Disney World vacation late this August and have relied on this book thoroughly. It isn't the most comprehensive book but it offers lots of good advice. Good thing for any travelling family.
"0", this book was a big dissapointment: I found this book to be very out of date. I can't count how many times I read "coming in 2000" and then no info on the subject. I didn't expect this from a book written for 2001. I have the 2000 official guide and it is much more up to date. The only thing I liked about the book is the coverage of non disney parks. This book was a huge waste of money.
"4", Great Info...especially about the Disney Cruise Line: We were looking for a book with information about the Disney Crusie Line with children. We are taking our daughters (9 and 13) on the Disney Wonder in February 2001 and we were looking for some insight that our travel agent couldn't give us. This book explained everything from check in at our Disney Resort to boarding the ship....it also explained all the activities available for our children and the dining schedules. I definately recommend this book to anyone who is looking for the same information that we were looking for!! (or any information on Disney with kids!!!)
"4", Intro to Geography: People Places and Environment (4th Edition): I used this product for my World Geography course in college. A decent text book and a lot cheaper than what the college store was asking for. A few typos and a few wrong facts but other than that a pretty good text book.
"4", Thumbs up: Great product. Now I'll be able to study for my final exam andNot worry about depending on others to help me study.
"4", Quick service!: I ordered this book for school and expected to get the book within a few weeks. I received the book less than a week later! The book was in the same condition that was listed. I would recommend this seller to anyone needing textbooks at a good price.
"4", Mercer Mayer Books: All 3 of my children ages 25 to 13 have had the Mercer Mayer books and loved them - I am now buying for my 3 year old grand-daughter and she too loves these. I think these are a must for every child!
"4", Timeless: I love these books and I've started one of my nieces on the little critter series which she is loving. Especially when she sees a small mouse of something in the corner of the picture she thinks it's really cute and funny.
"0", Not as good as most: I love Little Critter books but this one isn't as good as most. It is cute and my kids like it fine but others are better. I think my favorite are the ones titled "Just Me and...."
"4", Blaze Horse Books: C.W. Anderson wrote a wonderful series of books about the adventures of Billy and Blaze. I read them as a child probably more than once so I bought the entire series to read to and give to my horse-loving granddaughter and grandson. These books are classics.
"4", A Classic!: My 5 year old twin boys have just begun to enjoy this series of books after reading two of the Billy and Blaze books saved from my own childhood. I decided to complete the collection for them and have bought all the other books. These classic boy-and-faithful-horse-adventure stories have a timeless appeal that have been a joy to revisit for me and to discover for the first time for them.
"4", Cassie is AWESOME: I started reading Cassie Edwards books this yr. I was into the Harlquin Super Romance Books and believe me I havent picked one of the HSR books up since I first read this book. I have since got my mother and my best friend reading these books also. We swap books so often and everytime we see a new book by Cassie we grab it. She is an excellant write that I would not mind meeting and telling her in person that her books have touched me and my family. My love for my husband even grew stronger by the love the Indians show. I am working on my heritage (Cherokee) as we speak. Keep up the great work Cassie
"4", A must read for those who love Indian romances.: 1877 - South Dakota to MissouriCassie Edwards' love for Indian romances is very apparent! I get the impression her heart and soul is poured into each romance she writes. THUNDER HEART like her others is a revealing honest and romantic look at Indian history.Thunder Heart's band has been named Musti-Ponca (Warm Ponca) because the white man has moved his tribe to Missouri. On the trip his loss was tremendous and now as they sit and wait on the white man his chieftain father and his people are ill. Dede and her son Johnny first learn of the Ponca's existents when they hear the haunting songs of the tribe. Bill who lives with Dede in name only is out to seek revenge on the Indians for his painful loss. As he and others make destructive plans against Thunder Heart's tribe Dede makes plans of her own.Ms. Edwards paints the canvas of her romance with some colorful characters interesting historical facts and a steamy romantic moment or two.
"0", Nice Title!: It's rather amusing that some harmonica band (or whatever the hell it is) decided to give their album the same title as one of the greatest rock albums in history (Styx: Pieces of Eight). And to Mr. "Please push sales" who wrote the other "review": I bet your cover art isn't QUITE as good as the incredible Hypgnosis masterpiece of the Styx album. ;-)
"0", DVD PhotoPlay Doesn't Work: I bought this software one month ago. I was required to immediately update it to fix problems that existed with the version I bought. I was able to navigate the program with ease and build a slide show with-in minutes. Now for the bad news. It would not burn onto a cd-r as described. I contacted v-coms tech support and received a response within a day or two. The patch did not fix the problem and now after several attempts to reach them again it seems I am stuck with another neat idea that doesn't work. Still waiting for help.
"0", Not worth it!: It wasn't long before I realized I just wasted (my money) on this near worthless software. No transitions effects/No ability to burn multiple albums to a VCD/Horrible music timimng!/No SVCD support/Music drop outs during slideshow. Sorry but I can't recomend thissoftware to anyone!!!
"0", Save your money!: I received this software as "bonus" with Photo Explosion Delux. It's terrible. Was easy to create the slideshow and it looked great on my computer. Tried it on 2 DVDs and it didn't play. Tried to re-record it on a CD-RW and it still didn't work! It did run on my husband's laptop but out of 6 computers I tried it on at work it only was recognized on 1! Very frustrating software. SAVE YOU MONEY FOR SOMETHING BETTER.
"0", Horrible!: I just recently purchased this near worthless software and found out very quickly that I just wasted [my money]! The music timing is all up to you!(so why did I buy this program?) They give you a chart and you must arrange the number of pictures to fit the music or else your slides end in an awkward manner without music or overrun. Yes you can adjust the time for all the slides but it's in 1 second intervals and in a 50 picture show that's 50 secondsa show you can be off by because you can't adjust each frame it's all or nothing. ...
"0", Not worth your time: This product is anything but fast complete and easy as it claims to be. Unless you already own Powerpoint it is also useless. You cannot add text or graphics to your photos unless it is done in powerpoint and imported into DVD photoplay. As far as adding background music good luck. The instructions tell you to compress the files and then combine into one large file then once you go to burn the cd it won't recognize the audio size you were told to convert to.I would not recommend this product to anyone. The concept is great one but failed miserably in it is claim to be fast complete easy and flexible.
"0", This work has NO citations - not a scholarly book: This work has NO citations. It is not a scholarly book. The note in the back of the book mentions a few sources but there are no direct citations for most of their "godless" assertions in the text of the book. Thus the authors take huge liberties with their assertions. They ignore blaring facts such as over half of the signers of the Constitution had degrees in divinity.
"0", Brain washing: I would like note that if you look at the footnotes for this book as to where they got there information they do not have a shred of evidence to back them up. They simply state they they have forgone the traditional footnotes and that we should believe them just because they have a PHD. I know that if I were writing any type of paper for these gentlemen in college they would fail me if I didn't show where I got my information. Furthermore There is a man in Texas who has the world's largest collection of artifacts from our founding fathers and he has loads of evidence which point to the extreme opposite. In fact he has a copy of bibles that were printed and distributed to every family in America through funding from Congress. I would encourage anyone who sees this to watch the documentary called "MONUMENTAL" by Kirk Cameron exposes the truth about our constitution writers and points out the damage that books like these have caused to our society.
"0", This is fallacious: wow this book is very misleading if your a layperson do your research. You will see this textbook everywhere but if you go to were the evidence is this argument completely falls apart are founding fathers printed the first English bible lol but yet these guys say there atheist and agnostic this is funny this book is not documenting a single thing.
"0", Baseless made up propaganda: This is a book that is used in colleges across America but contains almost no primary source quotes no footnotes no endnotes and thus no scholarly support for any of it's assertions. Did the author even bother to read the founders' letters speeches published works etc? Probably not bc actual quotes from those who founded this country would really get in the way of their made up speculation hearsay and biased opinions masquerading as historical fact. Pathetic.
"0", the man from utah: the movie was so blurry you could hardly see itit wasnt verygood thank you carol meeks
"0", Definitely not her best.: Okay this was the first Night World book that I read and it seemed pretty good. But compared to LJS's other books this is pathetic. I don't know most of her books are great but really! Gillian is a weak character who is shallow enough to think that popularity is all that matters. David is boring and predictable and I think Angel (or Gary) would have been much better for her. I wouldn't go for David because he acts all protective and stupid. Also it makes the whole soulmate thing boring and not dangerous because the lost witch (Gillian) doesn't even know she is a witch at first. I think that LJS's other books are a lot better. ~Ondine
"4", Pretty Awesome!!: This book was in my opinion pretty good. Not one of her best but it was good. I really liked the story and I really liked the characters. To me the story had a different meaning than most people had seen. If you read between the lines you see that this is what a lot of people hope for. To be popular to be perfect in every aspect and to have power. I really liked this book and reccomend it to anyone who likes Lisa Jane Smith or anyone who likes books about "Creatures Of The Night" :)
"0", Everlasting Love--what else?: This book was not the best. It was boring and the characters were underdeveloped. I liked the idea that Gillian WASN'T gorgeous rich and plain perfect but in a snap she became the typical LJ Smith character. I love the idea of soulmates and everything but I think these kids find their soulmates too easily and how come everyone in LJ Smith books have to be SO perfect? Maybe if they were not so gorgeous--really how many gorgeous people are there in the world who are "perfect" on top of that? If you want to read LJ Smith read the trilogies or even the other Night World books because this book reads like LJ Smith was getting desperate for a "new" idea.
"4", This book is great! Get it now! Don't hestitate!: This book was wonderful and enjoyable just like all the other Night World books. I was so smitthen with all the books that I even composed a poem on it.This book is greatGuranteed to make your eyes go redReally I'm not lyingyou may even go swimming
"4", Pretty Good: I've read all of the Night World books and this is a great book but I must say it's not L. J. Smith's best
"0", I can't belive LJS wrote this: I am a huge LJS fan I have read almost all of her books well over 10 times except this one. It was so boring I really disliked to book. It didn't have anything to do with the NW until the book was almost done and Gillian was so pathetic and whimpy. David.... I really didn't like his character at all.
"4", it was good i dont see the problem: it was different and maybe not her best but it was still good. i mean it did have soulmates in and we got to see ash again which gains any book about three stares however short a time its for. i hope as is in the last book
"0", This book wasn't near as good as the others: Gillian came off as a wimp. Angel was ok. They should have made Gillian seem more like a real girl and not someone from a soap opera.
"0", the worst book in the entire night world series!!!: this is the worst night world book that i owned and im sure every1 agrees this 1 [is bad] alot/ first of all gillian is a stupid little sissy whining girl who cared only bout the stupidest things - being popular and getting her crush david to notice her obvioulsy she wasnt being herself she was just like every1 else- wanting to be popular like it was the most important thing in the world to her thats is very stupid of her 2nd the plot was really stupid and boring and didnt mention any vamps witches or shapeshifters or the night world in particular. another reason why this book [is bad] the only part i like is that there's an appearance by one of my fave characters of the series-ASh i swear he would be more funner 2 read if the book was only bout him!!! angel wasnt a good character either and david [wasn't either]!! i recommend teens 2 not by this book it really stinks alot!!
"0", not the best book!!: well first of all i thought that this was the worst night world book in the series and believe me i have and read all 9 of them. Gillian is just so shallow and a little sissy the only thing she wants is to be popular and have David as her bf like its the most important thing in the world!! i thought David was stupid too he seem to only fall in love with Gillian because of her transformation to being well liked he was just being shallow and really stupid. i think Gillian and David are the most stupidest characters in the entire night world series!! so far this was not the best book so far. the only part i liked was where Ash showed up i was totally happy when he was in this book. he is just funny and such a hottie to be with. the other books i recomend is Witchlight Daughters of darkness Soulmate The chosen and Black dawn.
"4", Angel?: Gillain a shy girl is rescued from near death by an angel.The Angel helps Gillain get things she never had like poularityand the attention from a guy she likes whose name is David (which has a girlfriend). Angel tells Gillain to hurt people to get what she wants. it gets to the point where Gillain can't take it anymore and she wants him to go away. Gillain gets into alot of trouble with Angel and doesn't know how to make him go away. So what Gillain does is she...*Want to know the rest read the book and you'll find out*I'ts a really good book!
"0", I can't believe she wrote this!: LJS's other books are great but this one was so boring! There was absolutely nothing dangerous about Gillian and David being in love and that's the whole point of this series! Also it's kind of unlikely that someone could just cut her hair and wear makeup and then suddenly be popular. I didn't like Gillian at all. She's superficial not to mention being Little Miss Weakling. David was an idiot because he fell for her as soon as he saw her with short hair and makeup. Let's get realistic! He cheated on the SATs and Gillian still wants to support him. Plus he's BORING! LJS's other books are all 5 stars in my opinion but I hated this one.
"0", Worst book by LJ!: Totally hated this book. Now don't get me wrong I love LJS and most of her books. Actually all of her books except this one. Totally borring and predictable.
"0", Labor Can Do No Wrong: This old book (written in the 1950s) is published by a labor union because mainstream publishers would not touch it. Union people love this book because it makes union leaders out to be martyrs and saviors of the world standing up to those mean greedy old corporate capitalists. For these authors the story of labor is black and white no shades of gray. Labor can do no wrong and never has done any wrong. The Molly Maguires were not draft dodgers and murderers but innocent martyrs who got framed. The Homestead rioters were poor oppressed immigrants asserting their right to take control of steel mills and are not not to be blamed for beating and shooting the police or trying to assassinate the company president. The western miners headed by Communist Big Bill Haywood didn't really blow up mines with dynamite the mine owners did it just so they could blame the union. This book isn't history it's a cartoon of history. Don't look for any balance objectivity or nuance here.
"0", Left-Wing Propaganda: This old chestnut of a book should be put out of its misery. It's written with style and a tone of authority but careful reading shows that it is hopelessly slanted. On every significant point which involves historical uncertainty or controversy the authors unquestioningly accept the left-wing/labor point of view and cynically disparage or totally ignore any other interpretation. This is Labor's "untold" story because no other reputable historians have ever had the nerve to write such an openly propagandistic book. Academic labor historians who think this book is so wonderful are merely showing their left-wing ideological colors. There are much better and more objective accounts out there.
"4", A Great Place to Start...: This is a must-read for anyone who wants to know where the modern labor laws and labor unions come from. It depicts in stark detail the criminal acts against American working people that do not show up in many textbooks.
"4", Asatru music in fine form: Hagalaz Runedance contains ten tracks of wonderfully composed and sung songs which are written from a heathen perspective. Asatruar everywhere will absoutely love this music. It's done in a celtic/renissance style which is easy to listen to as well as learn to sing yourself. The emotions range from haunted to joyous and loss as the songs recount tales of old and of loss and of joy.Hail to Hagalaz Runedance for creating this excellent work which will uplift the souls of all who may hear it!
"4", Not classic but Inspiring haiku bringing art into everyday: I received this book as a gift from a friend a couple of years ago which inspired our circle of friends to start our own little haiku challenge. The poetry in this book is a collection of snippets from the lives of ordinary but creative people. It proves that everyone can find a little bit of revelation in their lives in things as simple as a map or mist rising in the cold. And by sending those little snippets to friends they stayed as much a part of each others lives as if they were right next door. I really recommend dipping into this collection and maybe even starting your own haiku challenge...it isn't meant to be classic haiku but simply enlightenment in daily life given with love from one friend to another.
"0", Three Lines Do Not Always Equal Haiku: Haiku is a Japanese lyric with a deceptively simple form: 17 syllables in three lines of 575 syllables. Strictly speaking a haiku must contain a "season word" and restrict itself to condensed defined natural imagery. Those are the outward rules and they are rules which can be (and are) broken. It is in the inward force of a rich combination of Taoism Buddhism and Shintoism that gives haiku it's power and grace. THE HAIKU YEAR while an interesting experiment is problematic in that much of it appears to imitate haiku and the powerful subtlety for which haiku is known is simply not there. Aspiring haiku writers would do better to consult the translations by R.H. Blyth THE HAIKU ANTHOLOGY (of English language haiku) by Cor van den Heuvel and the indispensable and well-respected THE HAIKU HANDBOOK by William Higginson.
"0", No stars but they all think they are and have stuff to say.: You can be a rock star and not have a clue as to what haiku is. This book has been around. It has been the brunt of jokes in the haiku community. I can't say I know how to write a decent haiku but if you google you WILL find some great haiku poets. PLEASE - if you don't have this book keep it that way. It may have been a year but not a haiku one.
"0", Definitely NOT haiku - poetry? Maybe...: This is indeed a book of 3-line poems passing itself off as haiku. This is not harmful certainly UNLESS an unwary reader picks it up and assumes that it is basing all future opinions of this delightful poetic form on The Haiku Year."There are those who regard haiku as a kind of 'do your own thing' poem and never consider its foundations. But the haiku as soon as it goes beyond the beginner's efforts becomes a matter incorporating traditions and established values aesthetic and otherwise and can not be written well outside them." - Robert Spiess
"0", The only stars is the rocker: You make it in rock and you think you can do it all. This book proves you can't. It is a truly poor excuse for a collection of haiku and it is particularly offensive because there are those who will buy it thinking it the real thing. Do yourself a favor and buy Higginson. You can look at this in a few minutes in the bookstore. It might be good for advanced classes in "don't let this happen to you!"
"0", It's the end of haiku as we know it...: This is what has become of haiku in English- and it is all bad. Haiku in America in general is vastly misunderstood and each of the verses in this volume show it. Some have three lines some do not some have kigo some do not. By the looks of this one can deduce that these "poets" gleamed their knowledge of haiku from Kerouac (another haiku fraud) rather than Basho. This is just an experiment really conducted by a circle of friends who jotted down their thoughts and sent them to one another. Please please avoid this title if you really care about or want to learn about haiku. Amazon should allow "0" stars when rating items such as this!
"4", Fun For Everyone: Witty and fun songs for everyone from as young as 2 to adult. Has a great message and highly recommended.
"4", The funniest CD out there: The whole thing is worth its weight in gold just for the "dance of the cucumber" song....El baile del pepino el baile del pepino..hmm hmm hmm...I LOVE IT
"4", Funny and all around Great!!!!!!: Larry the Cucumber makes this cd hilarious!!!!!This is a great Christian cd with great music that you can sing along with and never get tired of. You are bound to enjoy this cd! It has great life lessons just like the movies. I recommend this cd to any one of any age. You will definetly enjoy!
"0", Get ready for standardized test: Horrible product! Too much talking about general stuff. Not enough real tests. Very low level of expertise. it is just ridiculous how people can get published with such book about nothing. Bits and pieces here and there. Please Amazon do not sell this book - too little of material for too much money. It's a SHAME!!!!!!!!!
"0", There is more to this story ...: I am the author of an article for "The Skeptical Inquirer" about the origins of "The Mothman Prophecies." The article which appeared in the May/June 2002 issue also may be read at the CSICOP web site.There I describe the highly dubious role Gray Barker played in the background during the events surrounding this now-well-known West Virginia case. Barker was responsible for at least one telephone call (and possibly more) to John A. Keel and others in an attempt to generate interest in the Mothman and UFO accounts that were rampant at the time.Those who wonder what to believe about "The Mothman Prophecies" will gain greater insight into the situation by reading this article -- but only if they truly wish to understand that there is indeed "more to the story."
"0", poorly written nonsense: The author apparently has some theory relating to unexplained phenomena but you'll never figure out what it is from reading this book. He strings together repetitive descriptions of "unexplained" events without coherent narrative or structure.The book is filled with ludicrous claims about what "scientists know" or "studies have shown." Of course there's no support for the claims.Don't waste your time on this book.
"0", Boring: Garbage. The author is no different from the other 50000 lunatics running around the country chasing lights. The only difference is this guy wrote a book. Watch the X Files instead..
"0", Dull Disjointed: Two hundred pages into the book and I'm still waiting for a cogent theme to emerge. Poorly written poorly documented and thin...in other words perfect fodder for a commercial movie.
"0", Bogus...bunk...B-A-loney: I enjoy reading about "unexplained phenomena". I really do. I love "real" ghost stories and the like. However I prefer an author to take a very scientific stance exhausting all possibilities. Keel does not. He's a "true believer" and that's the problem.Somewhere in the book he supposes that this mysterious Mothman could have been a man on a hang-glider. "Wow" I thought. "That could almost be construed as logical." However he IMMEDIATELY debunks that theory with a statement to this affect: "But hang-gliders were not very well known at that time."*shaking my head*Whatever...the man needed to become familiar with Occam's Razor.
"4", Good story but very skeptical about the writer.: I like the book just because it was fun to read but very skeptical about the way the writer admits he had seen ufo sightings night after night in chapter 10 of the book. My question is why in the world a guy like John Keel arms himself with only a flashlight and not a camera. He obviously sets himself up to see strange lights but does not bring a camera to capture the event. Unless he makes a book that has pictures for us to examine and not hording all the evidence for himeself. Then I will have put him in the "Good story teller" catagory and not a "ufooligist". I must admit I am tired of all the hidden evidence about this matter and I think we are all ready for the truth. If you want my opinion I just threw all his credibility in the bin. I must admit I really enjoyed this book.
"0", Disappointing: The Mothman story is indeed a fascinating one. Unfortunately the same adjective cannot be applied to "The Mothman Prophecies." John Keel's theories regarding the nature and origin of UFOs in general and Mothman in particular are more bizarre than the phenomena themselves. I was also put off by Mr. Keel's tedious obsession with men (in black) behaving badly.I've given this singularly overrated book two stars rather than only one because it does supply some (albeit nowhere near enough) information on the extraordinary occurrences of more than 30 years ago.
"0", repetitive lackluster: I wanted to read this before seeing the film. Wow what a bore. Keel's book reads like some scatter-shot diary with himself as the narrator. Maybe this stuff was revelatory back when it was originally published but now with the X-Files cultural phenomena and all the other media about UFOs and the paranormal floating around this seems pedestrian in comparison. The descriptions are always the same. Only the names change each chapter/sighting/contacting.Also DO NOT READ THIS BOOK before seeing the movie. It will sap some of your enjoyment from Mark Pellington's excellent film (in fact I was amazed at how well screenwriter Richard Hatem took this dross and put a narrative structure around it but that's another review that belongs elsewhere....)
"0", mothman-putting the loose ends together?: I found the movie leading in many directions....Why was John's wife appearing in Point Pleasent? Was this the mothman? Why did John appear for Gordon 3 nights at 2:30 a.m? These questions were never answered in the movie.... or did I miss something? The movie ran long for me maybe because of the loose ends. I could be wrong you decide. Go see the movie......
"0", Very Detailed and Never Ending: I usually like the books better than the movie. It is an interesting book although it touches on everything and seems to repeat itself time after time. The movie focused more on the actual "mothman" and I felt the book just mentioned it among many other things. This book should have been named "Mothman Men In Black UFOS and the Kitchen Sink." I was glad to be done with this book. Don't waste your money on this book check it out from the library.
"4", Paranormal epic: This book is a rarity in UFO literature primarily b/c most UFO books present their information in dates and names and places and events ... in a sense completely without any feeling or substance beyond the 'happening.' The shocker of the ending of THE MOTHMAN PROPHECIES you already know if you read the 1st chapter but as you've been drawn further and further into the lives of the main participants the ending hits you like a sledgehammer b/c you've spent the last 250 pages forgetting all about it. More UFO books should be written with this humanistic approach; perhaps then the subject wouldn't be so taboo.
"4", A must for Fortean buffs: Believe It or Not? Well frankly I don't believe all of it though I'm sure those folks in West Virginia saw something mighty interesting. But in all the lengthy annals of Fortean/ supernormal/ paranoia-lit journalism Keel does stand out as an author with an above-average storytelling ability. He also has the ability to not take himself entirely seriously a trait often sorely lacking in the genre. With all that and a trans-phenomenon Grand Unified Theory of Weird Stuff to offer this book is definitely worth checking out for those interested in the field.
"4", GET THIS BOOK WHILE ITS STILL IN PRINT: Investigators like John Keel don't seem to exist anymore so get this book while it's still in print for an honest approach toward unexplained phenemenon. It will probably never be able to compete with the books that assure us we are being visited by ET's angels/demons and/or ancient deities. People want something to believe in. "Belief is the enemy"warns Keel. How many paranormal researchers do you know would say that? We are goldfish in a fishbowl being watched over and toyed with but by What? This is the question Keel will leave you with and that will keep you staring wide eyed up at the ceiling late at night in bed...
"0", the movie was better: Usually the book is always better. In this case no way. I found it to be just a bunch of disjointed ramblings and partial recounts of what happened. I couldn't even finish it and gave it away. The movie didn't follow the book at all but at least there was a thread of a storyline to follow.
"0", Where's the beef or Mothman in this case?: There is a lot about the 60s' that for obvious reasons I have forgotten but I do remember that there were a lot of Instamatic cameras and 8 mm movie cameras around so I guess my question is: Why are there no pictures of this thing? I believe the good people of Point Pleasant saw something as there were at least 100 reported sightings of "Mothman" and I simply cannot accept the author's statement that all those camera's that the newspeople took along failed to work for one reason or the other.The movie was excellent but then it was not based entirely on this wacky book which is written in kind of a random fashion and is not all that good in the first place. "Show me the pictures."
"0", Pretty disappointed: I saw the movie and was intrigued enough to read the book which I thought would maybe give a better idea of what really happened in West Virginia that year. I was disappointed to find that Mr. Keel spent a lot of time dwelling on UFO encounters and the history of UFO encounters and spent little time talking about the events in West Virginia other than how it blended with the history of UFO-logy. The movie was more interesting and I don't know how they developed a movie based off of this book. I didn't buy the book to read about Air Force involvement (or maybe lack thereof) in UFO sightings or about how Mr. Keel had been hunting UFOs and UFO witnesses. A big letdown.
"0", Little Value: It is understandable why his other books according to his own admission were not well received.Mr. Keel offers some rather off the wall explanations with little or nothing in the way of proof except HIS word. For those unfamiliar with this subject controversial as it is the book may have some interest even if of very little value.Mr. Keel dismisses with a wave of his hand everything written by valid and serious investigations. Admittedly there are those who have written who do not deserve to be taken seriously and Mr. Keel is at the top of that list.Desmond
"0", A waste of time: Don't get me wrong I believe in UFOs and certainly Mothman since my friend's aunt saw it but 90% of this "nonfiction" book is nonsense. Keel's semi-acurate listing of the real life mystery of Mothman wins it a single star but the speculation that he pushes as the gospel truth is laughable and is mostly based on questionable facts and ideas that are theoretical at best. If you want to know about Mothman read James Cohen's Book of Mysterious Beasts if you want to waste your time and Amazon's time buy The Mothman Prophecies.
"0", So What: If you are looking for a great story that will really drag you into it don't read this book. Lord help me I thought I would go crazy and only got through the first three chapters. There is not an ounce of structure to this. It's just a bunch of thoughts and "reports" of sightings of UFO's "mothmen" and other oddities. I'm not sure if Keel intended for this to be a re-telling of things he believed really happened or if he honestly thought he was writing a novel. I can't take anymore I give up and usually I'll read just about anything all the way through to give it a fair chance. All of these little scraps of sitings in no order whatsoever make me say... So what?!?!?!?!
"0", Thoroughly Debunked: This book is typical Keel--chock-full of anecdotes skewed information speculation hoaxes (many of Keel's "weird" experiences in the case were jokes perpetrated by Gray Barker)--all presented as factual reporting."Mothman" does not exist. Several writers--most notably Joe Nickell--have thoroughly debunked the incident. But true facts have never stopped Keel.I'm a fan of Keel's writings but you have to take them with a grain of salt. This is not one of his best efforts and it rankles me that he positions himself as a serious journalist.
"0", Mothman Fiction: The author claims the book is factual. My gut feeling is it's fictional. As fiction it is not well written. Just a bunch of short tales kind of mixed together.
"0", Okay!?...: I'll admit it I didn't have a clue what was going on in this book (which claims to be real but is obviously a work of fiction) nor did I really have much of a reason to.UFOs...Men in black...Mothmen...Abductees...government coverups...sightings...It's all here and regardless makes no sense whatsoever.I actually walked into this thinking it was going to be great that there would be a wonderful story based upon the legend of the mothman but no I was bombarded with 266 pages of "research" having no really meaning or thesis. Honestly I say avoid this like the plague.
"0", Initially interesting eventually saw through him . . .: It was recommended to me by someone whom I think beleives in the interdimensional and non-ET aspect of it all. I kept an open mind but finally came to the conclusion that John Keel wrote a fradualent and contrived story with an underlying "distracted" attitude that in reality is quite insulting to the reader. The book is probably pure fiction and if you seek more than fiction then it is bordering on pure trash. As an "investigator" he poorly documents his findings. Don't buy it check it out from the library please.
"0", Reads Like Keel's dropped his notes and never rearranged them: Excellent and suspenseful information. All over the place as far as the material. We travel back and forth from West Virgina to London to Ohio... and back again. Would have enjoyed it if the first part of the book was supporting information as to the phenomena itself and how it has indeed appeared elsewhere in history how the phenomena ties to UFO sightings etc. but Keel's hypothesis that all paranormal activity comes from a parallel universe it difficult to believe even for paranormal studies. I'm sure that is a first.Although the book was suspenseful and written well it was just organized poorly. Revise John. You can do it.
"4", Good Read: Good read. If half of what is written in this book is true; then are world is much stranger than we can imagine.One of my favorite books.
"0", Boring & Unbelievable Story: Normally I prefer books to movies but Mothman Prophecies was not only boring but unbelievable. Non-fiction! The story was a product of the author's imagination. Perhaps in 1975 when the novel was first copywritten it was spectacular. To those who are thinking of purchasing this book (especially after viewing the movie) I'd say pass it up and purchase the VHS or DVD.
"0", Unidentified Reading Object: I approached this book with a fairly open mind expecting to read an interesting story about the strange events of 1967. Unfortunately Mr. Keel's tendency to ramble and a strange albeit somewhat fascinating mixture of conspiracy theories "ufo" sightings and Men in Black stories made the book an incoherent mess. The book begins and ends with the events of Point Pleasant and spends the middle attempting to connect those events with literally hundreds of other experiences throughout the world and throughout history. ...
"4", Interesting: This was a very fascinating read. It does not focus only on Mothamn sightings but all the other strange events that were supposed to have happened. If you are looking for a book that will prove Mothman exists I don't think this is the proper book for you. It is mainly about what went on from the first sighting of Mothman to the felling of the bridge. There were a lot of strange happenings during that time. I read this as "I'm presenting you with the information as to what heppened as I saw it and was involved in it and you make up your mind as to whether its true or not".
"0", Not what you'd expect!: Although the movie was very well done for those who enjoyed a spooky and suspenseful story the book however is not the movie. It seems that Hollywood took very few pieces from the book and turned it in to a great movie which is kind of the other way around from the usual book being better than the movie. This book is good if your a UFO buff only. It mentions the Mothman but other than that it was a very boring read as I expected to be reading about the same scenario as what I saw in the movie. I was extremely disappointed.
"0", huh?: I just don't get it? I thought this book was a story about the paranormal and all the town needed to do was buy some Raid.Also anybody can tell you moths just son't grow that big... now June Bugs well now that's a story.
"0", Amazon.com Customer Reviews...: Don't waste your time reading them...They tell you absolutely nothing. Each entry contradicts the other.Remember humans write these things.
"0", Is this a first draft?: The little content contained is interesting.However the entire book is short chapters of journal notes with the occasional splash of commentary thrown in.Badly written poorly organized.He could have at least organized it chronologically.The constant way of making himself out to besome sort of superhero got very annoying very quickly.
"0", BORING!: The subject matter is fascinating and has the potential to make an exciting fast moving read. Unfortunately the presentation is disorganized repetetive and BORING. I had to force myself to finish the thing and ended up wondering what the heck the point was meant to be. I certainly didn't feel that I had acquired any clear understanding of what happened in Point Pleasant; I didn't even get enough out of it to decide whether I believe any of the stories or not. If you want the book borrow it from someone and save your money.
"0", A Let-Down...: John Keel's "Mothman Prophecies" could be a great book if it actually concentrated on the "Mothman" sightings in and around Point Pleasant West Virginia in the mid-to-late 1960's. Unfortunately this book isn't really about the Mothman but it should instead be entitled "John Keel explains how the universe really works". For every "Mothman" story that Keel relates in this book he offers at least three other stories of his personal life his adventures in researching the paranormal and his decidedly offbeat theories about paranormal events and what causes them. This book isn't really about the "Mothman" sightings in West Virginia as much as it is a goofy memoir of John Keel's "research" into the world of UFOs demons ghosts and other bizarre events. As someone who bought this book to read about the "Mothman" and not about Keel's disjointed ramblings and ravings I was sorely disappointed. Not recommended.
"0", The Mothman in Bits and Pieces: This book is NOT like the movie. In fact I prefer the movie. The book is composed of bits and pieces of John Keel's and others' phenomenal experiences. It is difficult to read not only because of the bad press printing but also because it is very clipped and disjointed. I bought this book to delve further after seeing the movie and ended up more confused. Go to the movie--forget the book!
"4", "It was a dark and stormy night": John Keel's "The Mothman Prophecies" follows a usual form for ufology books: He presents a large collection of anecdotes personal observations and experiences mixes it with some debunking to woo the scientific mind and throws in some ancient gods and goddesses references to fairies and a variety of religious "sightings". This is par for the course in this genre and puts this reviewer in mind of Charlie Brown's standard beginning for tales "It was a dark and stormy night."Despite its rather disorganized and somewhat repetitive presentation (again fairly standard for this genre) Keel relates his narrative earnestly and he will engage your interest. Men in Black? Saucer shaped vehicles with diamond-shaped windows? "Thyroid-like eyes"? If this gets your attention you'll enjoy "The Mothman Prophecies."The recent movie is based only loosely on Keel's research by the way and will fail to satisfy informed ufology readers.
"0", Lame: This book [stinks]. I read this book only because I seen the preview for the movie. It jumps around from one thing to the next. John Keel is a nut "the phone rang and nobody was there!" "That could only mean the time traveling space aliens cause no human would be capable of calling my house and hanging up." "The CIA/FBI are out to get me" Please!!! Go see a shrink.
"4", Believe it or not it's scary either way.: The great thing about this book is it works as a nonfiction book if you're a believer and as a book of fiction if you're a nonbeliever.If you believe in UFO's and monsters the interviews with the people sound very sincere and convincing.If you don't believe in the subject the book reads like a good horror novel with a tragic ending which is based on a true event
"0", Interesting but read the fine print....: Ok we have seen the movie some of us have read Keel's book (this being a reprint). What no one seems to mention is the fine print located on the copyright page which reads: "This is a work of fiction. All the characters and events portrayed in this book are either products of the author's imagination or are used fictitiously." If you don't believe me glance at the copyright page. Obviously this paperback edition was prepared as a movie tie-in. Touted as a "true event" the publisher then informs us it is all a work of the "author's imagination." And therein must lie a lot of truth. Yes the book is mildly entertaining if a bit choppy in parts. My advice is read THE MOTHMAN PROPHECIES with a large dose of salt (and the movie is much better).
"0", POOR QUALITY INCORRECT: the item that is stated does not look like the stock graphics  the picture that is show is not what the item looks like . dont count on a good quality product
"4", Great for the price!: We love the flatware due to the design. Attractive and dishwasher safe but not too sturdy.
"0", cheap: This flatware set is very pretty but made very cheap. After several months of use the ends became loose and several of them actually fell out. A complete and total waste of money.
"4", Awesome.: What can I say about this album that hasn't already been said? Nothing. Awesome album on every level.
"0", Why Can't I Rate at Zero Stars ?: Come On People !!!! I checked this out because Amazon emailed me saying it was top rated.... ??? Could it be because one of the "songs" is entitled "Amazon" ? Sex appeal !? Not !!!! - unless you want to have sex with a monkey.... And for those who think this is the best album they've heard in a long time - my condolences ! Seriously this recording is nothing more than a possibly somewhat cute girl chanting gibberish over some low-fi computer generated noise loops. True artists should be outraged and they would if they could stop laughing. I recommend steering way way clear of this sorry excuse for music. Please people - don't let big music money tell you what is good - we all suffer for it in the end.
"0", Sound Catchy but mix with Terrorists: I have to agree some songs sound very catchy.But isn't she singing about some Terrorist Group in some Asian Island? I heard even MTV ban some of her songs because of that.
"0", surprised: she's sri lankan but it's like she's trying to be west indian or something. Ok it kind of works and she's really pretty but I think she would become even bigger if she marketed herself to bollywood and gave the music the dancehall sound. It would give her some nice exposure.
"0", OK: You can tell the difference between this and the next. A couple of good songs nothing spectacular. One song on this CD appears on the movie "War" with Jet-Li. Although I rate this with an OK Im very tough. There's no sappy love ballads no whiney boy songs. It's in your face and strong.
"0", A Question: Can someone please tell me how she managed to be signed by A!!!!record label let alone one capable of putting her music (if that's what you call it) into the airwaves as much as it is.
"0", Terrible. Just terrible.: People must really be desperate these days. Just because pretentious jerks who write bad music reviews for Rolling Stone and Pitchfork say this is good doesnt mean it'll make you super-cool if you say you like it too. M.I.A. is HORRIBLE.
"0", Stop while you're ahead!: Save your money or purchase a hammer when you buy this cd because all you'll want to do is hit yourself in the head for buying it in the first place. If not for that then you'll be hitting yourself just so you don't have to hear this woman's whinney voice trust me. I bought this album just a few days ago and all I can say is..Well you get the point..
"0", ZZ.....snooze-fest: Great another socially aware electro-dance record. I can't wait for the an Iraqi to come out with one about the current US led invasion.
"4", If this doesn't get you dancing you have no pulse!: The single "Galang" explodes like computerized firebombs! All quaking synths and bells and whistles and a beat that would get the dead to dance. Those who are expecting more run-of-the-mill "crunky" R&B can look elsewhere for that dreck. The album's combination of dancehall Brazilian funk grime and house with M.I.A.'s chirpy sexy raps is hands down one of the best albums of the year. Own it now!!!
"4", She's A Paradigm in the Making.: If you don't believe in her politics listen to the music - we can't all be John Lennon. But we could aspire to be Public Enemy - different genre same ethos. With her minimalist approach she jettisons a rapid-fire selection of rage humour politics [sometimes muddled and confusing] sex...but always arresting and thought provoking. Online pugilists argue the terrorist/Tamil revolutionary ties via her father and while it's an important salient subject to spelunk weaving the politico with the dance floor is an exhilarating art I can't overlook based on that writ - Madonna could learn a thing or two about juxtaposing them creatively [see American Life]. My grade: A
"0", Gets old fast: The first time through I really enjoyed the quick quirky beats and the skits were sorta interesting as well. The novelty wore off after the first play through and it soon went from quick quirky and interesting to obnoxious and boring. Perhaps this just isn't my style of music but I heard a lot of good things about this album and figured I'd give it a try. I found myself enjoying her biography a lot more than her album.
"4", Get your heart beating: Mm hmm wickedly wild. I've never been into dance music much but damn I danced and had fun while doing it. Not to mention I'm a sucker for politicly driven albums and it was an extra good year with both ted leo and now this. Standout tracks are definetely "Amazon" "Bingo" "Pull Up The People" "Sunshowers".....f it any track is a standout track.
"4", brilliant raggamuffin: I don't care about all the hype I dig this record a lot. I play it then I play it again. it's almost always in my head. I wish I had four more of her records. the performance is very loose and the production is really tight. rollicking rowdy catchy as hell. she's got a great spark.
"4", Captivated by Arular: My 10 year old daughter and my 61 year old butt can't get enough of Arular. Masterfully edited - as tight and rich as the Beatles at their peak. The dad loves the mechanical electronic aspects. The girl has to sing along with the singsong poetry and just dance to it.Maya's voice is awesome. My brother's reaction was that he doesn't like foreigh sounding funny voices in his music so this isn't for everyone. But it's not just for open minded college students. This is the real thing. This is a most favored treat in our huge and eclectic music collection.As with other reviewers we too are put off by the violent images but for us it has the authentic feel of a window into the revolutionary third world.
"4", Too good for Sepos: This album is innovative and fun blending various styles to create one slick and catchy sound. It is a refreshing change to bland Strokes-wannabies and the same old homogenised Fiddy/G-Unit output and what a surprise you Yanks don't seem to understand or appreciate it! I've even read reviews on here criticising her accent - SHE'S FOREIGN WHAT DO YOU EXPECT?!? I've read other reviews attacking her political agenda - WHAT DO FIDDY AND HIS GOONS RAP ABOUT??? Guns Beatches and Drugs that's what!!!! At least MIA has something intelligent to say. Isn't freedom of speech a constitutional right for you guys anyway??? Open your ears and your wallet and buy a copy now!!!
"4", It'll get in your head ...: I saw the video for Galang on BPM and was laughing out loud. This skinny little Sri Lankan girl was spitting out london ghetto rap while dancing crazily in front of a cartoon backdrop. But the next few days something about the beat stayed in my head. I had to hear it again. I did and I taped it and the more I listened to it the more I realized I wanted to hear more. I found it at a store and bought it. On the bus ride home I didn't much care for it but like the Galang video it stayed in my head. Everytime I listened to it I liked it a little bit more. It's like watching Pulp Fiction each time you see it something appears to you that you missed before that makes the whole thing make more and more sense. By now it is one of my favourite CD's and I don't even listen to this genre (if it even fits into any genre) regularly. It isn't for everyone but if you have a good subwoofer and an open mind for something unique...give it a shot.
"4", blows you up before you go...: Probably the most best album that will be released this decade. It has great significance in a post-9/11 world. M.I.A. has no qualms about mentioning bombs guns terrorists and racism in her songs. Every track stands out the previous release tracks 'Sunshowers' and 'Galang' probably some of the best tracks of 2004 are overshadowed by 'Pull Up The People' and 'Bucky Done Gun.'M.I.A. is truly is TuPac of the third-world.
"0", bloody awful: sounds like a third world elementary school class on a field trip to a crack factory. if this music is so revolutionary and worldly how come the only people listening to it are skinny white boys who wear hats with earflaps indoors?
"4", MIA: Hip Hop's Nice Nice Fighter: She's "got the beats to make ya burn" - This is the future of Hip Hop. These 10 songs (plus a "hidden" bonus track) are fascinating and fun. The "extra" re-release track "U.R.A.Q.T." samples the theme of TV's "Sanford & Son". My favorite tracks are "Hombre" "10 Dollar" and the steel-drum laden "Bingo".
"4", rhythmic textured danceable electronic music: i love this music but i can see how some people wouldn't. i guess reading through the reviews here says the same thing: this doesn't try to be the kind of music my mother would like (or some of my coworkers). but that must be obvious if you listen to the samples amazon provide.but otherwise this is pretty sweet - it strikes a nice balance between playing with new ideas/sounds on the one hand and keeping a steady groove on the other. "commerical experimental" in a good way - and i think that's a very challenging target.as for the politics and trying to second guess whether this woman is "for real" - it doesn't matter unless you don't like the music. good music doesn't need to (and usually doesn't) match my politics. why on earth should it? if you don't like the music fair enough. but to argue that you don't like music because of the attitude or the politics - what's with that? you're confusing music with something else i think.
"4", this girl can spit!: i first heard the track bingo on the radio not long ago and that has now opened a whole can of worms for me. how can one album be so catchy raw funfresh chunky and funky. while so many rappers drawl on about tired blah blah MIA just mixes the singing and ragga-ish vocals straight into the most modern type of no-category music with little effort. the style? its kind of UK grime meets hip-hop meets calypso or something. definately a british vibe here but this is still unique. the beats and sound effects are very well implemented into the chatting. cant stop listening to this. wicked stuff
"4", M.I.A. announces her arrival. Moving around is compulsory: A DJ aquaintance of mine told me that 'Arular' always got the crowd up and dancing and in a way I can see why. Central to this electronic beatfest is M.I.A's sassy vocals falling somewhere in between Madonna and Lene Lovich (the Neneh Cherry comparison is pretty good) all within the framework of hip-hop rhyming. There's really no need to over-analyze the music which is basically infectious stripped-down beats eg LCD Soundsystem pulsating raw and tribal almost hailing back to the crushing barebones approach of early hip-hop eg Grandmaster Flash. Also thrown into the mix is a subtle yet ecclectic fusion of analog flash dancehall and world music. But basically the appeal of 'Arular' stems from the charm and sexuality of M.I.A's vocals orgasmic shrieks and brassy chants a female touch when one expects male vocals to compliment the rhythmic thunder. Here she is now let M.I.A. entertain you.
"0", Milli Vanilli redux: With the exception of lip-synching this is an exact replay of Milli Vanilli. Remember that moment? Watching the Milli Vanilli video and saying "Huh cool hair uh sorta interesting street scenes...wow this music is really bad." That's MIA: long on concept trend style and buzzwords; short on music. Does the world really need another dressed-up exotic with no discernable musical talent who can mouth a few political half-phrases? You be the judge. Vote with your wallet.p.s. anybody wanna buy a used copy? If not I'm using it for a coaster.
"0", M.I.A.: This sounds like karaoke. I wish it didn't - but it does. I'm a white man married to an Indian girl - I love Indian music Chutney is cool reggae etc. - and the lead singer is attractive - but it really really sounds like karaoke....I can't escape that fact. And...yes....it is very repetitive mundane same sounding music throughout the whole CD. But it doesn't matter because todays ear for music is pretty much on the deaf side. Simple and repetitive is the cornerstone of todays musical taste. Oh well - I'll watch the video though - she's cute. But it is still a talentless serving up of supposed 'world music'. What a bunch of crap that is! Listen to 'The Mysterious Voices of Bulgaria' or 'Kuch Kuch Hota Hai' if you want REAL world music. What? It's boring? Then you don't really like 'World Music' - lol.
"0", Anyone notice terrorist references?: This is good music but I really have a problem with some of the lyrics.For instance Sunshowers:"You wanna win a war? Like PLO I don't surrender""It's a bomb yo so run yo put away your stupid gun yo... that's why we blow it up before we go""they showed him a picture then ain't that you with the muslims?"Now I'm not one for censorship but I can't back someone glorifying PLO and terrorism in dance music. That's just ridiculous. I know reggae has roots of being somewhat violent and rebellious back at its early roots but I absolutely can't sponsor these messages. It's just wrong.
"0", M.I.A.- No Way!: If this CD were to be captured- it would not be an M.I.A. that you would go looking for. Save your money and buy a 99 cent toy flute at Walmart to make better music.
"0", Save your money... Don't believe the hype.: I heard a lot of chatter about this new girl M.I.A. and her album getting a lot of good reviews. I don't know if her phenomenon is a result of her label hyping her in publications or what but after listening to her album once through I would advise you to stay away unless ecstasy-rave music is your thing. She is nearly unintelligible on all of her vocals and is drowned out by the incessant reverb present on all most all of her tracks. This is the definition of drivel. I am happy for her and her interesting life story but her music does not interest me. Save your $!
"0", terrible... absolutely terrible: This is quite possibly the absolute worst thing I've ever heard in my entire life. If you're considering buying this CD I suggest you go outside find a construction site walk up to the guy with the jackhammer and press your ear to the side of it. If you like how that sounds then go buy the CD. If not well.... "Galang" the reggaeton hit isn't even something to wave a steamy pile of you-know-what at... and the music just goes downhill from there. "bucky done gun" (which doesn't even make any sense as a title) is good for use as a humorous conversation starter but that just about exhausts its usefulness or likeability... much the same as the rest of the CD.
"0", no: just no. not even close to being listenable. its as annoying as listening to japanese anime before its been dubbed.
"0", WTF????????: This album is able to be previewed in full on NME.com If I were you I would go there to find out just what you're about to endure. This album sucks extremely bad. I have not heard anything this half assed in all but two weeks. This garbage getting good reviews is only an indication of the white reviewers out there trying to make this seem cooler than it isn'nt. The beats are exactly the same on every track. Handclaps and half rhythms are only one tenth of the awkwardness on this record. I dont think that anyone with fully functioning ears would like this record unless they think it makes them look different. For the most part there is nothing innovative on this record. This is what bad pop music will sound like in ten years. MIA has recorded a travesty ahead of her time. Once again go to NME.com and preview this before you actully waste your money on this. The sound of this record could have been reproduced with a kettle drum and sticks banging together in a long hall.
"4", If you like dancehall ... get this: 1. M.I.A. is a Philly rapper they are always the best new york and L.A. are always deporting philly rappers to be on their labels.2. I suggest this album if you like dancehall its a lot like it but because there is a mix of dancehall soka rap and indian its amazing. Reminds me of reggage heat 03 and 04.
"4", M.I.A. rocks the house.: This album is highly ranked in the metacritics for a very good reason. It's great! If you want to hear fresh and new ways to mix hiphop lyrics and dance sounds you'll love it. Don't listen to anyone who rates this album poorly it's a top ten of 2005 for sure.
"0", Dishes chip VERY easily: I bought 10 place settings of these dishes because I like the style. However after owning them for less than a year several of the dinner plates salad plates bowls and mugs have chips on the rim. They look terrible because when the graphite color is chipped it is very noticeable since the stoneware underneath is white. I am not hard on dishes and load them into the dishwasher myself. I owned my previous set of Dansk dishes from nearly 11 years and replaced them only to update the style. I contacted the company with my complaint but they simply said the chips are from banging them against another hard surface...not true. Dishes at this price point should be of high enough quality to withstand being washed in a dishwasher. As I said I am the only one who handles them. I am embarrased to use these dishes and disappointed in Noritakes response.
"0", Nice but shows scratches.: I fell in love with these great dishes but I am dissapointed that they need to be replaced within a few years. They were our wedding set and I wish they didn't look awful. We only use them for family meals and use my husband's everyday Johnson Bros. dishes that are 50 years old! They look great. Too Bad the quality isn't like it used to be... unless we just got a "bad batch" although they were purchased from different stores where we registered... Nice to set the table with but will scratch unless your family uses plastic tableware. We don't.
"4", How to beat the gray marks: I like the simple design of Noritake Colorwave dishes but was unhappy with gray marks from metal tableware. I have discovered that the right dishwasher detergent takes care of this. I was using a phosphate-free powder for ecological reasons but it was not getting my dishes clean. Researching this I learned that in the last year phosphate-free dishwasher detergents have improved a lot so this problem may go away by itself. Otherwise try a different phosphate-free detergent; the tablets seem to work best.
"0", Noritake Colorwave 16 piece place setting: I ordered a 16 piece place setting  service for 4 but only recieved a 4 piece place setting service for 1. I contacted Amazon and they arranged to have the order corrected and arrange for return for the incorrect order. Once to corrected shipment arrived again it was a service for only 1. I was charged for a service for 4. This was eventually credited back to me however since I only had 2 place settings I purchased 2 others locally at Younker's department store. The dishes that came with from Amazon are different than the ones from Younker's. It is like the molds were different or something...the plates are deeper from Amazon and as a result the set does not stack properly. I am not certain if this inventory issue has been resolved with Amazon so buyer beware.
"4", Excellent Everyday China: I bought my Colorwave Graphite dishes at Macy's not Amazon.com but after reading the mixed reviews for these dishes I decided to add my own comments. I am very pleased with these dishes and I cannot understand why anyone wouldn't be. After two years of daily use they are still without chips and show very little wear. They do show some scratches but they are not fine china they're everyday china. For the money and for everyday use I can't think of a better set of dishes to own. The lines are simple and casual and they look nice in any setting. I can very happily recommend them.
"0", Great story sorriest printing and binding Ive ever witnessed: The story  of course  is fabulous but this is the worst binding I have ever seen in 30+ years of reading paperbacks. I can't believe this isnt a joke. Hopefully I can get a refund and order the book from a reputable publisher later. If you buy a paperback from anyone make dang sure it isnt an "Instabook"
"4", All Barsoom books are great!: I first read the Martian Chronicles as a teenager. They are in fact the only sci-fi I've ever read. What I want to know is why George Lucas or Steven Spielberg havn't made movies of them? With their abilities in the sci-fi world they could do a great job with them.
"4", Brilliant Lagwagon's most "complex" album: The CD will not grab you at first its not as catchy as Lagwagon's previous releases but with a few listens it makes the argument for greatest Lag album ever. The flow through out the whole thing is perfect. The CD is dedicated to Derrick (the bands original drummer) and with that comes a lot of emotion dealing a lot with reflection moving on and self-discovery the lyrics here are very well crafted. I absolutly cannot stop listening to this record. It's got so much to offer. The highlights of the album for me "Runs in the Family" "The Controtionist" and "Days of New" which will most likley give you the chills if youre a die hard lagwagon fan.I truly belive that Joey Cape is one on the most incedible song writers of the past couple decades. Listen to Lagwagon along with his side project Bad Astronaut and you have the makings of a musical genious. Cant wait for the upcoming tour! Keep making music guys!
"4", very good: This is a great cd. It takes a few times listening to it to start enjoying itthen it sounds like a newbut familiar lagwagon. This one was dedicated to Derrick Plourde their original drummer that played the blistering drums on duhtrashed and hoss. He committed suicide in 2005. This album is very well writteneven though it only took them 2 weeks to write the songs. This album is definately up there in their top 5 albums.
"4", Bernie sings too !: Be sure this is a nice CD from long years ago....but especially for elton john fans
"4", Who said Bernie cant sing?: This is Bernie Taupin's second solo album and it is excellent.From the rockers Born on the fourth of July to his smooth ballads Venezuela and Love(the barren desert). This is a great album for anyone who has followed Elton and Bernie's career.
"4", Maximum Minimalist Soundscapes Unfold: If you like Math Rock/Instrumental Indie Rock i.e: Paul Newman Tortoise Don Cabellero Dianogah Triseza Godspeed you Black Emperor than this is highly recommended. No Vocals just pure melodic builds and peaks. Really good deep Bass lines and fantastic drumming.
"4", In depth study: This book is not all that hard to understand. In simple terms Laband and McClintock tell us that we waste a lot of money trying to avoid someone else wasting our money. It's not this fact that puts the reader so off guard. The fact that our society spends about four hundred billion dollars trying to influence two trillion dollars in government expenditures (about twenty percent of the total) shows what an inefficient mess our economy has become. This fact of wasted wealth should shock the reader. I couldn't believe it at first. The amount of research used is impressive and definitive. Though Laband and McClintock don't offer any serious solutions to the drain on the economy this volume helps shape the continuing debate about wealth transfer.
"0", Never Say Never Again DVD PAL format.: Unfortunately when the DVD was ordered the Region 2 format did not mean anything to me. On receipt I realized the format was PAL not NTSC which means the DVD is for playing in Europe not the USA. The seller should not be allowed to advertise a PAL format product in the USA.
"0", NEVER WATCH NEVER AGAIN: From coming from a Big Bond fan. I live and breath Bond Movies. This would (NEVER SAY NEVER AGAIN) bring all Bond movies to shame luckily this movie isn't considered a Bond Movie.It's a remake mistake of Sean Connery's Thunderball.Sean Connery being one of my favorite Bonds ever and mostly everyone elses would have to agree how bad they made him look on here as Bond.The movie is cheap and boring hardly any action to a normal Bond Movie (DR. No-Die Another Day).Not worth getting or even watching in any case.Save yourself time don't watch this one it's not considered a Bond Movie... Wonder why....NEVER WATCH NEVER AGAIN.
"0", This Moive Stinks: The resons this moive stinks 1. Sean Connery is way to old.2.This is not like TunderBall shuss. So I gave This moive 1 star. BEWARE JAMES BOND FANS.
"0", Remake Disaster: Let me preface this review by saying that I love the James Bond series and that I think that Sean Connery is the best of the "Bonds" but this movie stinks. It is by far the worst of all of the 007 movies made. The story is of course not original it is a remake of the fantastic "Thunderball" movie so there is nothing unique or intriguing about it. The quality of the movie is awful in large part because there was no budget. Sean's $1 Million dollar (1st of it's time) contract used up alot of the movie budget. The special effects were hoakie there was no chemistry between Kim Bassinger and Sean (She called him old in a Playboy interview not a good start) the music was not memorable and Sean's toupe was hiddeous. I would avoid this movie because if you haven't seen it you will be very disappointed and even upset if you purchased it.
"0", Ever saiy never again: A bad movie with a good james bond 007. This remake is not a real bond movie there is not the original bond cast and makers. Sean Connery and Bernie Casey are the only good actors in this movie.
"0", I Never want to see "Never Say Never Again" again.: From the dreadful opening showing Sean Connery's age to the lack of gunbarrel intro THIS IS NOT BOND. There is a reason that this is not considered to be an actual 007 film and the abscence of Bond's theme music shows it. This is more like a B-reel to Thunderball (using old character names plots and locations). Very weak.
"0", never say "i wanna see this movie": never say never is almost as bad as on her majestys secret service.this poor attempt to remake thunderball is awfulno gun barrel scene in which all bond movies start out.they talk about bond being olda diffrent mmoneypennyand q.blofeld is diffrent too.see thunderball.
"0", The Fake Bond: There are two problems with "Never Say Never Again." The first is that it is a bad movie. The acting (including Connery) is sub-par and the action leaves something to be desired. However the main problem is that this is a cheap knock-off James Bond movie. A remake of "Thunderball" the fourth film installment "Never Say Never Again" is not released through United Artists and was not produced by Albert Broccoli or his company EON Productions. A true Bond fan knows this and any interested party will notice the absence of 007 trademarks such as the gun-barrel opening and the truly artistic title sequence. In fact "Never Say Never Again" was released as competition for "Octopussy" the 13th 007 flick in 1983. So plain and simple if you want a good version of the story buy the orgional "Thunderball."
"0", DOWN WITH REMAKES!: I've never been a big fan of remakes. It seems to be particularly annoying with this one since the main actor was also the one who starred in the original. This would seem to make re-hashing this movie a pointless endeavour. Why not just watch the original? I find it hard to believe that so many other reviewers have said this is a good movie.
"0", NEVER SAY NEVER AGAIN: Bond not at his best. There are a few scenes worth watching but overall it is a bit boring. It was nice to see Connery in the role that he made famous however the villan was dullthe musical score was awful and the gadgets lame. Also the DVD version is missing about 15 minutes of the movie (when Bond enters the casino and subdues the doorman it skips right to the video game scene and deletes the entire first meeting between Bond and Largo). Stick with the Broccoli/Saltzman Bond for first rate action and adventure.
"4", Connery is Bond: Sean Connery is the king of Bonds. It is a shame that we Connery and James Bond fans can not have this video for our collection. This is one of my favorite Bond films. Pierce Brosnan and Timothy Dalton are good Bonds but Connery will always be the best. I have every James Bond movie on video except this one and can't believe Never Say Never Again is no longer availabe. Let's hope it is available again soon. Ignore the ignorance of those who give this a low rating. Anyone who loves Bond and Connery should love this. Who cares if it's a Thunderball re-make. It has Sean Connery and that should be enough for anyone. Loved it! And want it in my collection.
"0", I hate this movie: As a 007 fan I hate this movie. It is incredibly boring. And since it isn't an official Bond movie it doesn't have the music the gunbarrel opening and the usually Q M and Monetpenny. Even if you are a 007 fan there is no point in even seeing this movie.
"0", Never Say never again: After viewing Never say never again i was disappointed to find thatsome scenes are missing. Note!!! I have seen the movie when it cameout. I'd like to know if i can get a replacement or what
"0", You should be ashamed!: It's missing a chapter you be allowed to sell this for $66.00. Get a conscience!! Where are your ethics. SHAMEFUL
"0", sadly...."Stirred not shaken": By no means a great bond movie....but not a complete flop either I had to have it for the series (sigh!)...but will I watch it again...probably not. An adequate digital transfer okay sound....but not a scratch on the real Bond franchise
"4", Never Say Never Again: It has been awhile since I have seen this movie. I am looking to purchase this movie. I have all the other Bond movies on video. Can anyone help me get one?
"0", Dumb and Dumber Actresses: Whether by direction or lack of script these two women are terrible in this movie. I know its camp but man this was bad. At least I could have laughed through it.
"4", good movie: i learned some new things about james bond and its beginings that i didnt know before i saw this movie i reccomend this movis for any james bond fan.
"0", the worst Bond ever!: this had to have been the absolutely dumbest 007 film i have seen! The cast was pleasing but the original movie THUNDERBALL was tens of hundreds of times better! the intro was tickling but not innovative enough. The cool suaveness Sean Connery had in the earlier films was not apparent. All in all this was a weak attempt to update one of the best 007 films in history which of course was "Thunderball"
"0", Uhh...Okay?: I have just recently just started watching the Bond movies. Goldfinger The Spy Who Loved Me Moonraker etc. This is supposed to be a remake of the Bond Classic Thunderball. I prefer Thunderball much more than this. I wanted this movie to end since the first scene. This was almost like an Austin Powers movie. I prefer the other Bond competition that year Octopussy. Here's a list what's different from Thunderball...THUNDERBALL Locations: 75% Nassau 2% Bahamas 3% France & 20% of the South of England.NEVER SAY NEVER AGAIN Locations: 10% Nassau 2% Bahamas 3% MI6 Training Area 15% Africa.THUNDERBALL Villian: Age - 50 (Eyepatch)NEVER SAY NEVER AGAIN: Age - 35 (Both Eyes)THUNDERBALL: ***1/2NEVER SAY NEVER AGAIN: BOMB (thank god this wasn't an official bond)
"0", Um...: I have no idea why they even spent the money to shoot this film. Sean Connery is a great actor but he was too old for this role. It's a forgettable remake of Thunderball (which was a good movie) that had me falling asleep. James Bond doesn't have grey hair. The older Sean Connery movies were the best but you should pass this one up.
"0", Should not have been made: I got depressed while watching this picture because I missed the quality of the previous Bonds which were made by producer Cubby Broccoli and EON productions. Missing are a teaser in the beginning and afterwards a catchy tune sung by a big name singer while the credits role. There are no clever quips said by Bond. The scenery is boring. The only good thing I can say about this picture is the first rate cast - Sean Connery Max Von Sydow Klaus Maria Brandauer and for the girls Kim Basinger and Barbara Carrera - who played an excellent villainess and deserved better. It would have been interesting to see all those actors in an EON production.
"4", 007 Movie Review: I purchased this movie to add to my collection of James Bond Movies. I know this is not one of the offical James Bond Movies from the UA franchise but it does star Sean Connrey so I wanted to add it to my collection. A bit more cheesy considering his past 007 movies but I enjoyed it just the same.
"0", Not as bad as You Only Live Twice but thats not saying much: This movie (a Warner bros picture and not officially a part of the James Bond series) is a turkey! My god can Connery get much older looking? The simple fact that this is a remake of Thunderball is enough reason to stay away. It's better than You Only Live Twice but thats not saying much. The video game sequence for world domination is incredibly stupid. Connery should have stayed retired stayed out of the Arcades and out of Octopussy's wake(a hit Bond film released the same year). STAY AWAY FROM THIS ONE... you've been warned.
"0", Totally Unsatisfactory: Never Say Never AgainThis product was shipped from Belgium. It arrived one day AFTER the last returndate. The DVD will NOT play on any DVD player I have....it is imcompatible ornot allowed on this continent.I am unable to find a way to contact customer service at Amazon.com.This is the pits.
"0", PAST HIS PRIME: come on people sure its the return of the original and best bond but he was way past his prime even in diamonds are forever..and there isnt no fight scene or gun battle at the end but a video game battle wtf is that..this isnt an offical bond film and it shows..
"0", Never Say Never Again: We just played the movie 2 days ago and the disc hangs up around chapter 26. We tried it in several CD players and it is the same. The disc is not dirty or scratched. I was hoping to exchange it for another one with the same title.
"0", Let's get the facts straight: The movie was released by Warner Brothers not MGM. I work for MGM and frankly our operators are tired of hearing complaints about the dvd version being bad when we had nothing to do with it.....
"0", boring: a stupid movie i used to like sean connery but this movie i hate him in this movie the dont show the gun barrel the song is (crummy) and is weird and thunderball is better than never say never again
"0", The WORST 007 of all-time!: Unless you consider Casino Royale- with David Niven part of the franchise- this is the clear cut worst Bond ever made. You have to be a die-hard Bond fan to say you like this-it's bad folks. The Blu-ray version is better as you would expect but as much as you want to shine this turd -it's still a turd.If you haven't seen Dr. No Goldfinger Thunderball and the BEST Bond - From Russia with love- (even if you have) see them or see them again. Don't buy this- it will be $9 soon if you really want it.
"0", BAD!!!!!!!!!: OKAY WHATS GOING ON HERE! HUMM LETS SEE WE HAVE ABSOLUTLY NO ORIGINAL ACTORS OF THE NORMAL CHARACTERS LIKE Q AND M DOESN'T EVEN START WITH THE GUN BARREL HAS A STORY THATS BEEN USED PROBABLY 100 TIMES ALLREADY AND A BOND THAT JUST CAN'T CUT IT ANNYMORE! THE ONLY SLIGHT GOOD PART TO THIS WAS THE FACT THAT SEAN SONERY WAS IN IT! THATS IT! IF YOU'R A BOND FAN TRUST ME YOU DONT NEED THIS ONE IN YOU'R COLLECTION!
"0", (james bond fan & collector) NEVER WATCH IT AGAIN: This flim is awful its the worst sean connery bond flim ever made.Its not realy a proper Bond flim. Instead of calling it Never Say Never Again it should be renamed Never Watch It Again. Its suposed to be a remake of Thunderball but its not its nothing like Thunderball.
"0", Can You Say Boring?: If you can sit through this movie without falling asleep or crying of boredom you are probably the first! This is hands down the worst Bond of all. It was never origionally writen by Ian Flemming which made it STUPID. I don't recomdend wasting your money on this. Use it to buy one of the better ones like:GOLDFINGERGOLDENEYETOMORROW NEVER DIES
"0", this stinks: Can't play it on my machine regardles of the sugestions...Costs too much to return...chalk it up to BUYER BE WARE!
"0", Mediocre production: A mediocre movie. The production values are poor the lighting looks like a TV soap opera Sean Connery phones in a flat performance Barbara Carrera is laughable the story jumps around barely hanging together. I give Kim Basinger credit for delivering a fairly dignified performance in the midst of disaster; Edward Fox who is capable of a good dramatic performance and whom I typically like plays M as a clown.I'm content to own a copy because it was the only Bond I didn't already have but I don't know whether I'll ever bother to watch it again.
"0", bland!: To begin I'd like to state I love Connery's 007 in the 60's.But the 80's weren't good to him. He really looks out of shape in this film. I'll take Moore 'Octopussy' anyday over this. The DVD I watched INCLUDES the deleted scene everyone's been stinkin' about in these reviews. On the positive side I quite enjoyed seeing the CENTIPIDE arcade machine in its original form. Yes I'm an 80's geek!
"0", Superspy Supertoupe: Bond meets old age Sean Connery deserves an award for the Worst hairpiece in cinema history really I think he has a dead chiwawa on his head. This film was released to try and rival the then sitting Bond Roger Moore and it lost dismally. Never a serious rival to Moore Connery sends himself up in rather unnecessary style rather reminiscant of Roger Moore in the Cannonball Run. This by the way is a remake of THUNDERBALL the only Bond script Kevin McCleary owns the rights to. And wait for it there are plans to remake this. Again with Sean Connery assumedly now in a nursing home Bond fans everywhere unite...DONT DO IT KEVIN!
"0", Sorry James: Say Never Again Sean Connery on making a Bond movie without the right directors. It was most crappy Bond movie I ever seen. And I love Sean Connery as James Bond . 'Never Say Never Again ' is 2 thumbs down . Sorry Sir James.
"0", Poor Remake: Sean Connery still has its charm but he seems more like the aging high school football hero who has to live in the memory of his past glory. This film is a remake of the 1965 Bond film Thunderball. The original movie was much better in every way. The music in this film is very poor the acting is mediocre and quite honestly the movie is way too long and dull. The changes made in the script don't help it but rather hurt it. It is worth a passing glance if only to make you appreciate his other Bond films.
"0", Sorry to say this about a Bond Movie: I never thought i would say this but i am sorry to have seen this particular movie made. Whilst Sean Connery turns in a good performance the rest of the cast and indeed the plot leaves something to be desired in their performance and indeed their standard and it is well apparant that the usual Bond Team was not involved in the production of this movie. If your a Bond fan then maybe give it a look - otherwise give it a miss.
"0", should have stopped while ahead: sean connery is indeed a great james bond but he should have stopped while he was seen that way. I am a the biggest james bond fan and i even had to stop watching it mid movie. It was making 007 look stupid. he made the movie stupid. I am very glad they did not put the movie in the sequal. waste of my time. I RECOMMEND NOT GETTING THE MOVIE.
"4", No extras but Sean makes up for it...: This DVD release is unusual in that it has no "extras" other than a Theatrical Trailer but that's OK because Sean Connery is back as Bond. Though not an "Official" Bond movie and doesn't have the familar James Bond "Music" this movie is just fun entertainment. Connery looks better than Roger Moore did at this stage and can still deliver the lines...Fatima Blush: "How clumsy of me I've made you all wet."Bond: "Yes but my Martini is still dry..."The print is good and the sound quality is good for it's age. Hard to believe this movie is almost 20 years old.
"4", Never Say Never Again: I can't understand why this is classified as a unofficial Bond movie  there is no such thing as a bad James Bond movie . I loved this one as much as the others  i grew up watching Bond movies and of course every boy wanted to be 007  it was our way of escaping the drum of normal life and fueled our imagination  I watch a bond movie every now and then and still get the same thrill out it . This is the only James Bond movie that i do not own and would love to see it rereleased to give the people that dont own it a chance to bye it
"0", Very Sloppily Produced Disc: Never Say Never Again is not one of the worst Bond films but its simply mediocre and of the standard of all the Bond movies produced after their glory days of the 60 and 70's. However the worst aspect of the DVD version is not the film itself but the lack of quality control that went into making this DVD edition. Unexcusable is the fact that the makers of this DVD couldn't even bother to include the entire film on this disc! There is at least one large missing scene (i.e. just before the 'domination game' section of the film in the casino) and there may be others. Given this and the lack of any extras (save a trailer) makes this a disc to avoid. My advice to fans is to pass up on this edition and wait for a more definitive version in the future.
"4", Doesn't take itself too seriously.: ...which is much more than I can say about the vast majority of the Brosnan Bonds -- which is unfortunate as Pierce had such a great sense of humor in Remington Steele. Never Say Never again does not have any of the trappings of the Ken Adam/John Barry masterpieces but if you just accept it for what it is and follow Connery's lead it's pretty fun!And there are some fabulous things in the film. Klaus Maria Brandauer gives one of the best performances ever as a Bond villain and his torture-laden video game is brilliant. Some of the location work is excellent as is the final set. Barabara Carrerra and Bond have a fabulous last scene together. Wrap it all up in a mega-camp theme song and Connery winking at the camera... you just gotta roll with it.
"0", Neither a comedy nor an action: The film was far below expectations. Connery was too old and compare to his natural Bond movies he was a pale old Bond who wasn't in style at all. Largo's character was also a wrong choice- the actor was too mild and comic for Largo especially ugly was a scene where Bond and Largo played a computer-game: instead of showing "serious" Bond making high bets on casino  the scene seemed to be made for kids who enjoy computers. I even don't understand if the film was a plage comedy or did the producers really want to produce a cheap action where just a name Bond sells high profits. Rowan "Bean" Atkinson didn't also fit to his part. Finally the good thing is that the movie I call Connery's worst is not officially listed as a Bond movie.
"4", Gospel #1's: They dvd is all the words that could be said. These are all number one hits that gets you up and singing. Some are old school gospel that you may have forgotten about. I highly recommend this to be added to your collection. Very quality music videos and performances.
"0", Displeased: I was very dispaleased with the item I order on line. When I received the tape it was loose in the case as if it was broken. The tape does not work in my cd player or any other cd player. I have ordered from you before but this is the first time this has ever happen to me.
"0", MOST SLEPT ON ALBUM!: PLEASE BELIEVE THIS ALBUM WAS HYPE I'M A WELL KNOWN DJ & TO THIS DAY STILL BUMP AT LEAST 3 SONGS NIGHTLY IT'S A SHAME THE R.KELLY SCANDAL OVERSHADOWED THE QUALITY OF THIS ALBUM PEACE DJ KILO
"0", ...: I like Jay-Z and R kelly can be good ... but this is awful and made strictly for the money and reflects the music industry's current state......in dire needs of originality.
"0", This Album Is Horrible: Frist things first(1)Beats are horrible(2)Weak Lyrics(3)Lame ProductionOK theres 1 or 2 songs where theres chemistry but ...rest of the album is just a poor excuse...rkelly's nsync drinage sellout lyrics were so ... weak..even then his lyrics are poor compared to the 5 STAR BLUEPRINT!This is something that everyone should stay away from...i mean both of them clearly say that they did it for the money on almost every song! what more do u need....So is this album download worthy? Umm NOT entirely. listen to the track samples before u download ...no point in wasting 2 minutes on your cable modem :) ....and if u really wna spend some money get the new Ol' Dirty Bastard album ....atleast it will make u laugh :)...........im looking forward to jayzs new album..but for now i'll stick with NAS thank u!
"0", [Yuck]!: There aren't many Rap albums that are so bland and unlistenable like this failed collaboration project really is. Both of the artists who were involved in this flop are talented too bad none of it is shown on this CD. Every song is just totally awful. Avoid this album. If you like Jay Z Get "The Blueprint" or "Hard Knock Life" instead. For R.Kelly brushing aside the legal problem get "12 Play" and "T2.com" instead. "Best Of Both Worlds" is just [bad]. Jay Z and R. Kelly are both better than this! End of story!
"0", Don't be fooled: This comes from a fan who has followed R. Kelly from Public Announcement and Jay-Z from Reasonable Doubt. This could have been the stuff of legend a collaboration for the ages. Instead we get a preproduced package album with unimaginative beats and even weaker lyrics. What should have been a groundbreaking album turned out to be two established hip-hop heavyweights treading over the familiar ground of Cristal Money and the pull of the female anatomy. Take a pass on this one and hope for better things to come.
"0", THE WORST ALBUM OF THE YEAR.: This pile of crap deserved to flop because it was made just to make more money off of jay z fans.All the songs sound the same and the beats are lame.Only mindless jay z fans would purchase such an awful cd.STAY AWAY FROM THIS GARBAGE!!!
"0", The WORST of both worlds: Any record featuring child rapist R. Kelly and that gorilla-lipped fool Jay-Z gets the big one star in my book. Amazingly they actually made a second album. Too bad the tour FLOPPED! Not feelin' it.
"0", Don't be fooled: This comes from a fan who has followed R. Kelly since Public Announcement and Jay-Z since Reasonable Doubt. What should have been a legendary collaboration -- an album full of breathtaking beats and innovative lyrics -- instead turned into a rehash of everything that's bad about hip-hop: recycled lyrics the same preproduced beats and the obligatory references to Cristal Money and the irresistable pull of the female anatomy. Do yourself a favor and pass on this one.
"0", Best of both worlds? Yeah right!: This is hardly even close to showing off the best that either Jay Z or R. Kelly can offer with their talents. This CD was rightfully shunned upon it's release and Kelly's legal troubles killed this albums sales but even had that not happened this album was destined to flop anyway because practically all of these songs are just plain crud to the get go. Avoid this CD. There's nothing good at all on here.
"4", The BEST of Both Worlds - Definitely: Another OUTSTANDING album by the man R Kelly. He gives his fans 100% without expecting anything in return. If you like this album you'll like his single "Heaven I Need a Hug."
"4", It's hot: I don't know what everyone else expected but I think the album is hot. To be able to put rap and R&B together as they did as if they were two from the same genre is incredible. I do believe it could be a little less vulger or sexual. However the artwork is definitely high quality and the production is appropriate for what they were trying to do...But Jigga is flowing on that thing. Taking his lyrics to another level. I dig it...
"0", Disappointed...: ...First of all the beats are just booty. Yep you got it right they [stink]. Big Time. This is unusual because Jay-Z usually doesn't rock over just a straight unlistenable beat; but sad to say that they have maybe two decent beats on the whole album. This is bad.Second of all they have basically one producer team ; Trackmasters...yep the same ones who brought you the excellent Fiesta RMX. But they produce garbage tracks on this album and to make it even worse each track sounds alike...The rapping on the other hand is vintage Jay-Z. Nice rhymes here & there but can get boring at times. R. Kelly's singing is pretty tight throughout as well even though he uses about the same flow on the whole cd. Devin The Dude breathes some life into the album on [P***Y] the only gem on the album....I wouldn't recommend this to even the die hard fans of Jay-Z and R. Kelly. I'm trying to save you money I am not hating...
"0", Worst Of Both Worlds: This CD is not what I expected only notable tracks are "Take You Home With Me A.K.A Body" or "Get This Money".... Both of these artist haves more potential than This............. Holla.
"0", Done too quickly: This whole album sounds like it was done in 3 days. A lot of the lyrics sound like they are straight from other songs by Jay-Z or R. Kelly. They sounded great on the Fiesta Remix but don't come anywhere near that on this album. They should have spent a little mor time on it. I wouldn't waste my money on this album.
"0", The Worst of Both Worlds: Thats right rap and r&b finally come up with a collabo with two of the most talented artists and it turns out to be the worst of both worlds. First of all we all know that all of R. Kelly's albums have been amazing and so has Jay-Z's. But what is this?? I was expecting something like the awesome collabo fiesta (remix) with Jay-Z and R. Kelly. All of the songs on here are just horribly done without question and so bad you can't even pretend you like them...From the two best rap and r&b artists this is amazingly a very VERY bad album and should of had another year to work on it...Jay-z could of waited until Blueprint came out before this couldn't he of??
"4", Nas who?: Jay Z and Nas tear it up on this album. Jigga and R Kelly are seriously the best of both worlds. Fantastic album--5 Stars~~
"4", Great pairing of R&B artist and rapper on here!: I thought that Jay-Z and R. Kelly made a solid album here. Both artists match very well on this album. And the songs are so funky especially the Trackmasters songs and the ones that R. Kelly produced. There are loads of booty-shaking songs especially the funky songs on the second half! I wished that this album would have done better than it did despite that scandal. It could have sold 2 to 3 million but it never did. But a very cohesive though sometimes explicit collection.
"0", sad...: after the average dynasty lp and a classic with blueprint jay-z brought another album with r.kelly called 'best of both worlds'... they wanna kiddin' me?! this aint hip hop just party pop. i just got some luv for the track named 'the streets' but the rest is unimportant garbage!! the beats are incomprehensibly wack and jiggas bars are kinda ridiculous! plus mr. untouchable 'rnb thug' (haha) kelly showed his fans in the past that he's the most arrogant mtv singer out there! don't cop that!
"0", Not even close.........: I am NOT a "hater"....just stating the facts. This is a horrible cd...This cd was not even worth downloading. The only decent track on this cd is "Best Of Both Worlds". I respect both artists; I've been a fan of both artists for a long time....the are THE top dogs in their game. I really disappointed...I know this cd could have been better than what it was. It sound as though the production was rushed. What makes it sad is that the artists themselves are not promoting this album....not to mention Jay-Z seems to have backed away from this completely. What a waste.
"0", Jay-Z/R. Kelly - The Best of Both Worlds: This album was doomed from the start. First R. Kelly's sex scandal prompted Def Jam and Jive (both labels for this album) to cease promotion for this album and take the artists' photos off of the album cover. Second this album wasn't very good anyway. Neither artist was in the studio with each other while recording Jay-Z spread himself thin over these tracks R. Kelly didn't inspire with his half-singing half-rapping style and production by the Trackmasters made everything sound like the remix to "Fiesta". The only good songs on here were "P***y" (with Devin the Dude's verse added at the last minute) and "Honey" but R. Kelly's part on these tracks ruined everything. Both artists made this album the worst of all worlds combined. For a better "Best of Both Worlds" album see R&B chanteuse Davina's 1998 album.
"0", Not impressed by this album: I thought Kel and Jiggas new album was not that good. They are both talented artist and I am a fan of Jay-Z but this album seemed like it was rushed. There is only two good songs on the whole cd. My favorite songs were Get This Money and Green Light feat. Beanie Sigel. Save your money towards buying Jay-Z's new album coming soon this year or his latest one called Blueprint.
"0", Jay Z is good on this R.Kelly is not: This is really one of the top 10 Most hyped rap Cds of all time.It was a massive flop because of the R.Kelly scandel.The Best songs on here are Best of Both Worlds-"Body"-It aint Personal-"Streets"-Naked-Somebody's Girl.I heard these two are going to do another album.This album has many lazy beats plus R.Kelly sounds like he does now.Naked that song he comes through and a few others he does to.Put this album down as-awwLyrics-7/10 Production-5/10 X Factor-3/10 Classic-5/10 Replay-4Total=4.5 out of 10 Fingers -Next-
"0", This is a BOOTLEG of Official BYU/CRS/SAE Release: Until Amazon pulls this I must advise all that this is a BOOTLEG edition of the original soundtrack CD produced by Chelsea Rialto Studios for Brigham Young University and released by Screen Archives Entertainment. The original release is still available from SAE. Membran of Germany has bootlegged dozens of soundtracks produced by SAE and Film Score Monthly among other reputable producers/companies. Please do NOT patronize Membran's illegal products. Amazon would not allow zero stars but that's what this bogus product deserves.
"4", TRACKS ARE...: 1. Main Title/The Early Morning Watch/St. Louis/The Wingfield House2. Money For Lunch And Carfare/Mother And Son3. Laura En Route To School4. Typing Test/Shoe Factory/Dinner Table5. Memories Of Blue Mountain6. Broken Glass7. Drunk Scene8. Drunk Scene Cont.9. Laura's Deception10. Smiles11. Deception!12. You're Not Crippled!13. Wishes For Her Children14. Reflecting On Laura15. Making Preparations16. Laura's Aprehension17. Yangtze River Pirates18. Avalon19. Dinner Table20. The Yearbook21. Psychology22. The Glass Menagerie23. Let The Rest Of The World Go By24. Broken Unicorn25. Heading For The Paradise26. If You Could Care27. Transition28. Jim And Laura's Waltz29. Jim's Confession30. Amanda's Disappointment/Farewell To Jim31. The End Of Tom's Rope/Finale32. Teaser Trailer33. Preview Trailer
"4", Works great can't beat the price: Mount installed easily and works perfectly. The only problem that I had was getting the tilt feature to work (secret - you have to tilt the mount after you install the tv onto it). Peerless customer service was nice enough to tell me that without making me feel stupid. Highly recommended.
"4", Perfect - worked great easy to install saved money: I paid extra to get it delivered asap and it came one day later than I expected but no harm.I second guessed myself numerous times during the install if I didn't it would have been up in less than an hour.It works as advertised and I saved over what I would have paid at a big box electronics store.Good buy ! I recommend this item.
"4", Good Product At A Great Price: First off I want to talk about the misleading picture. If you basically remove everything inside the outer frame that's what the newer version looks like. Having said that I wouldn't be put off as it's still very strong and can more than cope with today's LCD TVs weighing around 50-60 pounds. Mounting is very easy and comes with a vast assortment of bolts and fixings to meet almost every design out there (providing they stick to Vesa guidelines). Overall a great product which does the same job similar mounts offer for at least twice the price but I do want to dock one star though for the misleading picture and the fact it looked as though the box had already been opened. Reading a previous reviewer I was wondering if I was getting someone else's castoffs.
"0", It's "OK": The goodIncludes screws and brackets for a bajillion TV types. Rudimentary installation is fairly easy. Fairly inexpensive.The bad:Poor instructions. Unable to tighten mounting brackets due to their proximity to the wall. Advertised for 50" displays but the wall mounted sheet metal is so thin it 'barely' holds my 46" plasma. Wall screws need to be higher quality steel so the the recessed Phillips receptacle doesn't strip so easily (they are hex screws so you can use a hex driver when you strip the Phillips).Overall:Once you get it into place it stays put. So be careful/conservative with the TV weight and take precautions with the installation and it should do you well.
"4", Panasonic TH-50PX60U Wall Mount: I received the wall mount promptly and had to call the mfg since my Plasma was not on their list. The most important part of the wall mount is locating and marking the 2 studs to be used. The instructions were adequate but I did need to ask their support person which bolts should be used for my TV since they have quite a few nuts & bolts to accomodate various TVs but they do not tell you which ones to use for your specific TV. I also took advantage of the tilt feature and it took two people to mount the Plasma on the mount. All in all I was very happy about this purchase and would certaintly recommend this for my type of TV. It sure beats paying >$250 for a Panasonic mount.
"4", TV Wall Mount: Anyone with some hand tool skills should be able to easily mount these on a wall. The hardest part of the job was finding usable wall studs where I wanted to mount the TV. Useful tools not included with the kit would be a wall stud sensor a small level and of course a hand drill with a drill bit kit.
"4", Highly recommended: Light weight and lot of mouthing hardware. Great customer service. Highly recommend this TV mount.
"4", Works fine: I used this with the Panasonic TH-42PX600U. Mounted it in the corner after building a wooden frame.While the hardware supplied was numerous (in order to accommodate various televisions) I still had an issue with the spacers I was supposed to use when bolting the brackets into the back of the television. They were either too big or too small. I called the company support desk but the person with whom I spoke did not really sound as though he knew what he was talking about. Hence I decided to take matters into my own hand and use some other washers of my own. After that the installation was flawless.
"4", Not heavy-duty but it worked: I wanted a Tilt Mount because I wanted to hang the 50" plasma up high and out of reach of little children. This tilt mount worked great. It came with different sizes of screws to fit all kinds of TVs. It's not as heavy-duty as I wanted - the far edges bent away from the wall (not much but noticable) from the weight of the TV. Also the instructions seem to belong to a larger model and not this one but the installation was simple enough for anyone to figure out. Overall the price is right and it worked for me.
"4", mounting the wall mount: received the #650 wall mount right on time large amount of packing material and was EASY to install. ONLY problem was the unit is 30" wide which means you can not install it on 3 studs. Otherwise a great deal and $150.00 cheaper than what is offered at best buy or or circuit city. Plus no state sales tax or shipping. A great bargain!!!!
"4", great value: i was very impressed with this product. the craftsmenship and the amount of included hardware made this product very easy to install. plus the fact that its quite a bit cheaper then anything at best buy made this product a must have for my new tv
"4", Great Mount for Sharp Aquos: The mount worked very well. It was easy to install and had great instructions which covered every possible configuration.Compared to the overly expensive models at the retail stores in my area this price could not be beat.
"4", Excellent Product: This product is well designed to do what it is made to do. The instructions are exceptionally clear and complete. There is an endless group of screws spacers etcin separate packaged compartments with detailed drawings and instructions tied to every model and brand of TV you might want to mount on a wall. The product is packed in a compact box; Amazon adds a very large shipping carton that came in rather beaten up. The product was fine.
"4", No reason to spend more: There is no reason to spend $200 plus for a wall mount that I can find! I mounted a 46" LCD and can tilt it down for optimal viewing with no problem. Good instructions and well packaged hardware.I ran into one potential problem that this mount helped solve. I mounted my LCD above a fireplace and it had to be centered with the mantle. Problem. The stud was exactly in the middle and the mounting plate will not span three studs. I mounted the plate about 4" off center to the left and was able to slide the TV to the right to center exactly. Something to think about if your positioning is critical like mine. I would absolutly buy again. The black is nice too for low visibality.
"4", Great wall mount!!!: This wall mount is well worth its value! Was very easy to install and convenient to have all the bolts and washers for the many brands of tv's. The mount is very solid and the tilting feature is perfect to get rid of any type of glare you might encounter! A++++ Recommend to everyone with a 32 to 50 inch flat screen!
"4", Great mount for a fraction of the cost: This mount is superb. I bought three for three different LCD TVs (37" Toshiba 32" Viewsonic and 40" Samsung) for the past year and the mount fitted perfectly. You will probably pay well over $100 for the same mount at CircuitCity Frys or BestBuy. I highly recommend this mount.
"4", Great Deal for the Money: I was really impressed w/ this mount system. It came w/ everything needed even some extra hardware. They provide any size bolt you can think of given your TV. The mount is really universal. I was able to install in about an hour given proper measuring and leveling. It was really simple. Holds great and the TV is going nowhere. DONT SPEND $200 for a similar mount this one does the trick. Excellent product.
"4", Nice wall mount easy to use.: I used the Peerless wall mount to mount my 40 inch Samsung LCD TV in my room. The instructions are clear and easy to read and they include a load of screws to fit pretty much any TV. Once I got it on the wall it felt very sturdy and took the weight of the TV with no problem. I mounted it high on the wall and gave it some tilt for a little bit of a theatre effect. The price was great since Future Shop in Canada was trying to sell me a similar mount for $312.00 . I highly recommend the Peerless wall mount.
"4", Peerless Tilting Wall Mount for Flat Panel Displays: What a great product! The installation was super easy and fast. It came with all of the hardware and then some. I highly recommend the Peerless brand and the price I paid was absolutely rock bottom. I'm not easily impressed but this product did.ToolNut
"4", Tv Wall mount just  it says on the site: Works well. Too me awhile to put it on the wall. Looks more completed that it is after all. It's not really a "One-touch tilt" but it is still pretty easy to tilt it up and down (have some problems with tilting it down cause the TV power cord is on the way but it doesn't bother me yet =).
"4", Good price and very solid.: The price and free shipping was a plus. I don't think it will take the average person less than 30 minutes like most reviews will have you believing. You can definitely have it done in less than a hour. I did not feel comfortable with the short screws provided for my Samsung lcd but so far so good.
"4", Wall Mount: This wall mount couldnt have been easier to hang and use. For the price I was extremely satisfied and have already recommend it to friends and family.
"4", Used on LN46A630: I bought this mount for my Samsung LN46A630 based on reviews and the easy instructions. While I agree that the amount is good quality and mounting is easy Peerless needs to update their hardware compatilibity charts that they provide on their website. For my tv in particular (and any Samsung LCD over 40 inches according to the tv's user manual) it requires the M8 bolts not the M6 bolts that Peerless's website and compatibility chart tells you.
"4", Amazing price outstanding product.: After spending almost $3000 on a new t.v. I wanted to make sure to get a mount that would keep it safe and sound for life. I read countless reviews and chose this model. I really didn't see where the price was justified on the $250 models. It is a pretty simple setup afterall. Mounting this was pretty easy. Usually I can't even hang pictures up straight but I got this perfectly level without having to drill any extra holes. Once the bracket was secured to the wall and the t.v. was ready to hang I got really nervous trying to put my investment up there. It actually went in pretty easily. You will probably need a long handled #1 phillips screwdriver to reach the bottom securing screws. The tilt feature is nice but I only use it if I'm swapping out cables.This was an amazing deal!!!
"0", After installed my panasonic plasma is dead: 1) The product came with missing part. It did not have a little wrench as stated in the picture2) It seemed that the upper hook and bottom cannot snapped on perfectly.3) It provided lot of crews for different type of TV. Only M6 crews fit my plasma. After installed turned on the TV my plasma dead and I found out the bottom of my plasma has a little crack. I researched online people said that because of the TV mount caused the stress on the screen to crack. Now I am hesitance to hang my other new Samsung LCD with this mount. :-(
"4", simple rugged and priced right: This fast and easy to install bracket is priced right and the best way to make more room in a house when dealing with the size of today's large screen TV s
"4", the best: is excellent this product. my plasma 42" is very good whit this wall mount. is very resistence. the best performance
"4", Very happy with this mount: I am very happy with this mount. I had considered going with some much more expensive mounts but I am glad I didnt. Total installation took about an hour and no hickups along the way.I would strongly suggest getting a really good stud finder to be 100% certain you are in the middle of the studs. I used a standard stud finder and had some trouble determining the dead center. I was lucky to have a vent on the floor that had one of the studs visible underneath some basic measuring found center easily.This is a great product and my TV looks amazing on the wall now.
"4", Does the job: I used this to hang my Samsung LNT46669F. I ended up not having to use the tilt function but if I needed to it is pretty easy to do so. The only "issue" I had was that I had to make the opening on the washer (plate) larger so that the screw that secures the bracket to the TV would fit through. Not a big deal if you have the tools.
"4", Straight forward mounting. Holds the TV up!!!: The mounting process is fairly straight forward. I had a little bit of trouble getting the mounting screws into the wall using a 18.6V Ryobi drill even after drilling a pilot hole. After several hours I finally got the screws all the way in and my TV is still on the wall 3 weeks later.Once on the wall cables are a bit tight to access but doable if you tile the tv all the way up.
"0", It's not like what you see on here: I bought this based on many +ve reviews and the product image. But to my bitter surprise when I received today it looks like a photo frame. You can compare this to cheaper $29.99 brands. Peerless saved lots of money by using less steel but the product cost itself is not reduced. I am returning it!
"0", Don't Buy This Mount: This mount is badly desinged. It will not properly pivit. The way this mount is made your TV will point 15 degrees UP!
"0", Not what is shown: The wall mount may be a good product but what they sell is not what is shown. This can be misleading advertising and this is making me more cautious of amazon as time goes on.
"0", cant use: Cant even give a fair review due to lack of receiving a TV to be able to use the product in the first place. It has been sitting in a corner still in the box so if you really want a review here it is "It works GREAT as a door stop".
"4", good mount: This mount was easy to install. It came with all hardware needed and the directions were good. Great price compared to mounts in stores. If i need another mount I will get another peerless.
"4", easy install: i wouldn't call myself a super handy man but i mustered the courage to mount my 42" sharp LCD on my wall. this mount work flawlessly and would recommend it. now if it could only figure out how to sink the cables into the wall...
"4", Easy Installation: This product arrived quickly was packaged to avoid damage and was very easy to install. The instructions were very straight forward to understand and follow. It fit my TV perfectly. The only issue was that it was missing a couple washers but Ihad them in my garage so it did not delay my installation. The TV hangs level and is very secure. The tilt feature was a little hard to reach. You need a long screw driver to unlock the locking screw. Otherwise I would highly recommend. The price was very reasonable as well.
"4", lcd wall mount: Does everything its supposed to do. Half the price of local retail stores for exact same item.
"4", Fairly Simple believe it or not: I read alot of reviews on different companies mounting brackets. This one was amazingly easy. They provided different parts that should cover just about any TV made today..I have to laugh however as amazon sent it in a box big enough to put a coffin in...I'd recommend the product and my TV is still hanging on the wall so it couldn't have been too hard..
"4", hanger: if you are looking for a decently priced mount that is an actuall universall this is your buy mine took about 6 screws totall and took me about 15 minutes to do i recomend higly
"4", Worth it!: Im using this for my 50" Samsung Plasma and it works like a champ. This mount although looks cheap in the picture it looks much better in person. It also comes with a bunch of bolts and washers for just about any tv so you can hook up the brackets to your tv. The picture the mount looks silver but the one that I got was black but thats even better :)Thanks!!!Brandon
"4", TV wall mount: The TV wall mount is designed very well and ample hardware is provided.I feel the unit could be lighter by the use of some aluminum and still be strong enough. overall I would rate it as a quality product.
"4", Nice mount from a trusted Company: I do not know about some of you out there but I am not going to mount my $2000 plasma that wieghs over 80 pounds on a cheap walmart mount this is a nice mount without a huge price tag.You should like it.
"4", Easy: This thing is so dang easy to install. Once it's mounted on the back of the TV and on the wall I can just pickup the TV off the wall like a framed picture. Very nice for when I need to add new cables which plugs are way in the back. Buy it.
"4", Quality Product: Product works very well. It was easy to install once I figured everything out. My only suggestion to those considering this product is to go on-line to and make sure it is compatible because I assumed it was but was not 100% until I got it. Just because it is universal doesn't mean it will fit everything
"4", Solid but a little bulky: This is a good mount especially for the money. I have a 50" HP plasma mounted on it and I'm totally comfortable with it hanging on the wall.The attachment to the tv involves 1/2" spacers which stick the tv out just a little more but with a tilted mount you need that space anyway.
"4", Peerless Wall Mount: The wall mount came with a huge variety of bots that I imagine can accommodate just about any TV. I downloaded their latest mounting guide from their site and found the bots that matched my TV. Everything attached smoothly and I am pleased with how my TV mounts on the wall. I would recommend this or any of Peerless' products in the future.
"4", Versatile Easy to use: I used this to mount a 47" LCD on a wall over a fireplace.One thing really amazed me about this product: the entire (wide) selection of mounting hardware comes in a long compartmentalized plastic bag with labels on each section. You just find your TV on the list (or look online for an updated one) and choose bolts of the correct length and thread size.The mount itself sits very securely on the wall and has a lot of flexibility in how and where it is mounted. I did miss having a center aligned hole or two for mounting with a stud in the middle - that's the only improvement I can think of.
"4", Nothing to compare it to...but I am pleased: Instructions were clear and easy to follow. I had it on the wall in 30 minutes with the Plasma attached. One tip: if you want to hide the wires go ahead and cut the hole in the wall before you mount it.
"4", good quality but doesnt match picture online: Good solid easy to install wall mount but did not match the one in the picture. Also came with a ton of different bolts but did not have the correct size for my tv (46inch Sony Bravia LCD). Two sets of bolts were the correct width but one set was too short and one set too long had to go to Home Depot to get correct size.
"4", Great for the price!: This is a great mount for the price! As the others have said it doesnt quite look like the picture. My only complaint is that its not long enough to span 3 studs. Other than that the mount is superb.
"4", really peerless: I first saw these when installing 14 flat panel displays on my job at a prison. it was very sturdily built and securely held the 42 inch display. So when I purchased a panel tv for home I searched the internet until I found it. So far I haven't used it as my wife wants to be sure of where she wants it before screwing it to the wall. I have looked at other brands and didn't find them to be of the same construction and when you hang 1000 dollars or more on the wall you want to be sure it stays there. Really simple installation and plenty of hardware no running to home depot for screws or anchors. I now have used it at home for another tv and it is great. Very Sturdy and thats just what you want when hanging that much weight on the wall. I have installed more than 15 of these now and the first went up just as easily as the last.
"4", Great wall mount: Great wall mount. Not much of "tilting" though but holds the TV up that's all that matters. :)
"4", A few tools and common sense: I purchased a Samsung LN46A650 with this wall mount. I mounted the wall mount and the tv by myself. The mount went up simply and effortlessly. Outside of a qick read through there isnt much need for the instructions. A few tools and common sense had the mount up in about 30 minutes (not counting using touch up paint to hide a couple scatches on the wall from my wife).
"4", tv mount: It is great to have however the distance between our door and window and the location of the studs would not allow us to use it. A little difficult to install. Check your measurements.
"4", Perfect Solution: I researched the different brands then searched by price. This was the perfect solution at the right price. Installation was pretty simple given my location.
"4", Good Value but not magic solution: Very attractive price. A little light weight for the larger sized sets. Adjusting the tilt while the set is mounted on the wall is difficult.
"4", Wall Mount: This wall mount is excellent. Don't be confused by the description however. The "horizontal" adjustment is linear in other words it moves lateraly from side to side rather than rotates. But this is a good feature if you have to locate studs to get a proper mount. You can adjust the mount to hit the studs by the many mounting holes and then move the screen to adjust to the center. Also the package of bolts for connecting the flat screen should be tested in the flat screen mounting holes to make sure that you have the right bolts.
"4", excellent mount terrible masonry bolts: the mount is excellent. easy to adjust on the wall minimum space required ample hardware for different tvs low price. BUT if installing onto masonry (i.e. grout between bricks on fireplace) do NOT use the supplied bolts and expanding toggles. they do not work (i now have 4 extra holes in my wall). i used tap-con screws which have an odd but effective design to hold in masonry. they can be screwed into and out of the masonry multiple times and retain grip (not tear out grout).
"4", Strong Material Wall Mount: I bought the Sanus wall mount before for my 37" LCD. But this time I bought the Peerless because it built for the 47"+ LCD. The instruction manual is easy to do. The design is very flexible if you can not find the wood studs. The safety locks provide a secured hanging.
"4", Even a girl can install it!: This is a well-priced easy to install wall mount for a flat panel display. I purchased it from Amazon and set up a 50 lb. 46" Samsung. Also I like that the mount came with instructions for all kinds of setups and included lots of extra parts depending on your installation.
"4", Installation of Peerless w all mount: Easy to install. Instructions were clear and simple to use for my Sharp 50" LCD. The biggest challenge was finding the center of the studs! The cross reference chart to determine the size of the bolts needed and whether I needed washers was easy to use. I would recommend this especially given the reasonable price.
"0", ANTI-GLARE FILM: IT WON'T STAY ON THE LAPTOP SCREEN AND HAS ALMOST AS MUCH GLARE AS THE NORMAL LAPTOP SCREEN
"4", not bad: This book was not great or amazing but it wasn't bad either. I felt like it could have been about 150 pages shorter. Overall I'm not dissapointed I purchased it.
"4", Help out an old hot rodder: I remember this album in fact I still have it but it is cracked and no longer useable. It went all over the world with meso please help out an old hot rodder and sell one of these. It was one of the best records I had.
"4", Sublime and superb.: Here is an absolutely fabulous documentation of an extraordinary band. The compositions are amazingly complex orginal and coherent - and just try to define the improvising form the composition. The lines a blurred in a wonderful way. Tim Berne is the Coltrane of our generation. The tone on his sax is out of this world.Highly recommended to all those looking for a break-through album.
"0", Don't waste your money: Tim Berne has some occasional outbursts of talent but this ain't one of them. Nothing on this CD is a cut above average. Instead of buying this CD spend the money on a local band which will probably be a lot more inventive than this.
"4", Great Book: Great book. Book is dead on. Helped me care for my new hatchlings. Great reference book. Loved all the content.
"0", don't waste your money: Trust me all the information in this book is EASILY accessible online at each university's website. I would be surprised if you find this book helpful.The only thing somewhat useful about this book is the way it lists schools according to Degree's offered and State. This only made my internet searching slightly easier and this alone is not nearly worth the price of the book.
"0", Save Your Money: It's a list! It's a 658 page list of graduate schools in the United States - nothing more. If that's how you want to spend your money go for it!
"4", Excellent book to read while traveling.: Great book! Each chapter reads like a separate short story which makes it perfect for traveling.
"4", Scary Good!: I found this book totally engrossing! It was actually hard to put down even in the parts that were scary to read - after all who has not been bitten by a mosquito! I have purchased another of her books - Maneater - and am finding it just as good! I am thankful that there are doctors like Pamela Nagami around to help us understand and in many cases overcome the numerous dangers awaiting us as we move thru our lives.
"4", Ouch!!: An enjoyable book that will provide the reader with all the information they ever wanted to have on bites from spiders to donkeys!
"4", The Band relaxes and shares a few nice songs: The Band / Stage Fright: This album has the hits "The Shape I'm in" and "Stage Fright". The rest of the album has the feeling of a band sharing the personal favorites that they enjoy performing more than the hits they have to do on stage. It is a more intimate album than their previous releases but it is also less compelling than their previous releases. A four-star album that is worth having.
"4", Not Quite Up There: While a good album it is nowhere near on the level as "Music From Big Pink" let alone their previous release "The Band."Still if you're an anal enough record collector I would suppose you should get this to fill out your "Band" collection; it's certainly better than their next album "Cahoots" which has a majority of four star reviews and deservedly so.
"0", Sad album: There are some very pretty songs on this album but an incredible sadness comes through it all. I think the Band were in a bad period when they made this -- all three lead singers were shooting heroin and you can hear it in their voices particularly Levon Helm's. Of all of the Band's albums I find this hardest to listen to because it's the first time you can hear the damage that will eventually destroy them. The songs are much better heard as live versions on "Rock of Ages" and "The Last Waltz." And I think it's a mistake to say "Not as great as the first two Band albums but much better than any other music being made at the time." 1970 was the year of "After the Goldrush" "Moondance" "Layla" "American Beauty" "Plastic Ono Band" and a dozen other extraordinary albums. "Stage Fright" is not one of them.
"0", Very Bad Movie: This movie is so bad and the marketing is really misleading. The acting is not bad but they had to work with really a poor story. I will not dont spent money on it.
"0", Dreadful: I may have to request my money back from Blockbuster after renting this trite and boring documovie. Except for Paul Lekakis none of the cast is appealing and this is supposed to be WeHo which is full of attractive people however none of them auditioned for this film. Very low budget and the story is riddled with cliches. Don't waste your time or money.
"4", Interesting plot development in this autobiographical sketch: Very entertaining approach to how the main character arrives in a new setting and relationship based on authenticity. Hilariously funny scenes.
"0", Yuck!: Although I got this as a free rental I almost felt like asking for another one since it was a real piece of crap.At times it almost looked like it had been recorded using a cheap camera phone. The script and the editing were also terrible which really didn't help.I still don't understand how studios can release such bad movies on DVD yet there are still some classics that we may never get in that format.
"4", The experimental end of Nurse With Wound: Do you get a kick out of Metal Machine Music? Already like Nurse With Wound? Then this might be a good album for you. Otherwise you're warned it might not be to your liking.
"0", What's on it?: The title of this work makes it sound interesting like something I'd probably order. Unfortunately there is no track listing that I can find.
"4", Another Great book: Hey I am just a delightful fan doing a little soul searching and this author has lead me on a great journery.
"4", Defining the term "progressive dance": The idea behind the term progressive as applied to dance music was basically that instead of a simple 4/4 kick and a few "What the--" type squidgy noises you have complex rhythms and layered hypnotic melodies. In other words dance music grew up and opted for substance. The two CDs of this compilation are a fine example of what happens when the ravers get tired of "the usual" and decide to add a bit more to the sonic stew. I can't give you standout tracks because most of the tracks here ARE standout tracks that have already been tempered in the most finicky UK nightclubs.Have it.
"4", Excellent for teaching about differences: This book is a great starting off point for talking with children about differences between people and mutual respect. One boy is curious and asks the other boy why his family eats dinner in the bathtub which leads to a series of matter-of-fact questions and answers about this unusual family and the way they do things. The dining room you see is where the family sleeps. Why not sleep in bedrooms? Because that's where they cook and so on. It's charming sweet and decidedly whimsical and good for bibliotherapy if you want to discuss with your child why it's okay for some people to do things one way and other people to do things another way.
"4", Cute book...: This story is cute. Harris & his family do things different than pretty much everybody else like eating dinner in the bathtub & sleeping in the dining room & many other strange things. Harris thinks it's normal & that his friend Josh is the different one. The story itself is entertaining. I wasn't fond of the illustrations but the kids seemed to enjoy them. My son is 6-years-old & does pretty well reading this book. He does need help with more than half the words though. I would recommend this book for ages 5-7.
"4", Fun reading: I bought this book for my three year old granddaughter and she loves it !! She has pretty much memorized it. It was a childrens' book that was fun for me as well. I may buy my own copy !
"0", predictable: Honestly this story lacked the literary diserve I was promised. Poor character development and I feel that Josh didn't bring enough conflict to the story. Also the ending was predictable.
"4", Deadly adventure in an endless labyrinth: Another classic solo adventure; this one plunges you into an endless labyrinth where you'll scour frantically through monsters and dingy catacombs seeking a way to avoid the Minotaur. Ingeniously this one has invisible ink entries for not only the adventure plot but also the maps of the maze! Devious intense fun; then when you're done use the multi-player section and let your PCs adventure!
"4", Solid animated aerial combat adventure from Japan: "Area 88" is a four part anime series totaling about three hours that was one of the first wave of OAV. This anime is dealing with the middleast and theirs lots of wars and fighting and combat in it. This series started in 1985
"0", Not at all pleased: I've had this phone (Red one) for two months and I'm very very disappointed. My last Sanyo phone I loved and the only reason I gave it up was because the flip top broke on the hinges and wasn't working properly. I have had nothing but troubles with this VI-2300 since I bought it. People I talk to constantly complain they cannot hear me when I can hear them just fine. The phone goes into Analog roam in places I never had Analog Roam before. The phone also drops calls.I took it back to sprint once already for repair and less than a month later it's doing what it was before.Not a happy customer!
"0", i changed my Mind horrible service bad phone: this phone is actually pretty bad. within the first 3 months of getting this phone i have had to get it replaced. now my second phone gets no reception anywhere. sprint's service is very bad. im switching to verizon immediately.
"0", I got the wrong amp: In my order i requested the 1 u technical pro amp but instead i got a 2 u amp which i did not want & the best part was i purchased 2 of them  would not b shopping at ur store again thanks .
"4", The Adaptor Everyone Needs: I'n ym house my family is use to running low on battery and having to pause the game go downstairs and grab batteries for the controllers... not after we got the plug and play system. My brother has been playing with the plug and play system for over a week and I haven't seen him charge it yet it's just a miracle for our gameplay and it's effortless to use I even bought this used and it was in perfect shape and running good. I would suggest this item to anyone I come across who wanted effortless gaming with the useless battery replacement every few days.
"0", Bad battery life but useful: This battery dies a lot quicker then my rechargeable. I got it because i could still use my good controller even when the batteries were dead because of the chord but it's annoying that i'm a casual gamer who plays at the most 2 hrs a day and the battery dies every day! At one point it is useful but at another point... Wtf? O_o
"0", Useful but a poor investment: The play and charge kit is useful for converting your wireless controller into a battery saving wired controller. However the battery provided is of poor quality. I bought two play and charge kits about 16 months ago; both are now dead. This was with moderate use but with very little battery abuse. It would have cost less to buy throw away batteries for those 16 months.If you are looking to save on batteries you may want to look into buying a wired controller or a good set of rechargable batteries and recharger. Although both options are more expensive than buying the play and charge kit they offer much more versatility (an extra controller or lots of general purpose rechargable batteries).
"0", It was ok at first: Bought this because i am a casual gamer and it was annoying to keep replacing a batteries. For the first month or so it worked great! Now im in 3 months and i get about a 30 minute battery life coming off of a full charge. I didnt abuse these batteries and like all rechargable batteries i didnt store them completely drained. Ive probably got about 26 hours of total play time on the battery and it only now holds a charge for 20 minutes? I have rechargable a batteries that are going on 8 years old have i have no clue how many charge cycles and they still hold a charge for a good hour at least.
"4", Satisfied: I really can't complain about this thing it straight rocks. I got it fast and without any hiccups so yeah I totally recommend it.
"0", Worked great for a year... then died.: I must say that this was a great product. I own a 360 and a PS3. I love the way the PS3 has the rechargable battery built into the controllers. Since 360 doesn't this was the next best thing.It worked great for about a year after that the battery stopped charging and it would leave my 360 "on" when I tried to shut it down. It was trying to charge the now non-charging battery.I have yet to buy a new one since I can still use the controller by plugging the charging cable into the 360 and using it as a wired controller. The reason it is getting a low review by me is it should last for more than a year. Maybe I just got a bad battery I will buy another one at some point though.
"4", does exactly what it says: This is a great buy. I bought this because one of my controllers kept running out of battery. It charges the xbox 360 wireless controller while you are playing which is great because then you dont have to wait for it to charge. you can just play
"4", Great Alternative to Batteries: I looked at a few different charging systems for the xbox360 controller. I was using up a pack of batteries every few weeks and it was getting expensive. I really like this charge and play system. It does the job of keeping my batteries charged. Although my system is set up far away from my couch far enough away from my Xbox that I have to sit fairly close to actually charge. I need to have the box powered up to charge the controller so if you are trying to charge the controller wile you're not playing with the system it can be sort of a pain. But overall I would recommend this product. It works great and doesn't cost as much as some of the alternatives.
"4", Love the convenience: I have heard a lot of people complain about the necessity of this product blah blah blah. I really like knowing that I don't have to stop my game to go find batteries or recharge a battery pack for 3 hours if my controller is dying even if it means I have to be connected by a wire momentarily. Plus it came with a battery pack making the price of the actual play and charge cord somewhere in the neighborhood of $3. Not too shabby I think.I would put this as a 9 on a scale of 10 in the area of must have for long session gamers. My husband and I can easily spend several hours at a time playing a game.
"4", Use Your Computer: While it's true that you have to have your Xbox turned on to charge the controller you can also plug the kit into any computer with a USB port and charge them that way
"0", Great for about 5 months...: I've had 3 of these official batteries and it seems like they don't last more than 4-5 months before they crap out... I don't even abuse them in any way I'm a light gamer. The last battery I had lasted about 6 charges and I went the last month or so without going on my Xbox much. When I went to plug my play and charge kit back in the light would only stay red for a few seconds and then it would turn green like it was finished charging. When unplugged the controller will not start. Basically I have a wired controller now. I love when the thing actually worked but it seems to die way too quickly. Save your money and just get rechargeable a batteries.
"4", Best way to charge and keep shooting!: If you are an avid XBOX gamer you NEED this kit. The fact that I can drain a battery plug this in and continue to use the SAME battery is a huge plus for me. The only issue you might run into is if your cable doesn't happen to be close by when your battery dies in the middle of a COD multiplayer game. Things get a little intense at that point!
"0", Uhh.... It's not supposed to be like this....: I got my charge kit a couple days ago. Not only does it not charge if it's not plugged into the while it's on but once I unplug it it isn't charged. I've had the thing plugged in for over 24 hours and still the second I unplug it nothin' doin'. Yeah maybe I did get a defective unit but read over the other reviews. Should there really be THAT MANY defective units that are distributed if this is really a "quality" product. Think twice about making this purchase if you don't want to deal with the hassle of having to receive it just to turn around and send it back for a new one.
"0", Black Play & Charge Kit?: The picture shows a white/gray play & charge kit. However I received a black play & charge kit. My controller is white not black!!
"0", Decide whether or not this is worth it to you: I am editing this ancient review to inform people of what a complete waste of time these stupid things are. I've burned through a million of them. This play and charge kit basically turns your controller into a wired controller within a couple months because the batteries don't last at all. Then the cable eventually breaks and you either have to take it apart and rewire it (the single one I did this to is the only one that I can reliably use) or dig around and find the a battery pack you threw in a drawer somewhere.My suggestion would be to simply get the wired controller. You don't have to worry about power the weight is better and you'll never be distracted by the blinking lights when your controller has 49.99999% battery left.
"4", A must have: Lets see what is it and if you need it or not.....Basically what they give you is a 'batery pack' and a cable what you do is use the batteries in your control and when u need to recharge just plug the cable in the control will still the wireless and the cable will only charge the batery pack since the charge is made from an USB connector you can even plug the cable into a standard USB port in your computer and play in your xbox it will work :)But what happen if you already have plenty of these rechargable bateries ?Well use them ok it is easier to just plug a cable but it is wiser to don't spend money in something you don't really need if you have an alternative.
"0", Weak battery use USBCell instead: My XBox rechargeable packs always seemed to run out of charge in a few hours when playing. Also within 6 months to a year they would hold no charge at all making them useless. The charging cord was a pain too.I found USBCell rechargeable a batteries that fit in the XBox controller a battery pack. 2 USB a batteries are cheaper than the Play and charge kit; you can play for days rather than hours before they run out of charge and they don't wear out in 6 months. They charge in a few hours in any USB port. I would recommend the USBCells instead.
"4", MUST READ NOTE TO AVOID THE 360 FROM OVERHEATING!!!: BUT MAKE SURE YOU KNOW WHEN IT IS PLUGGED IN! EVEN WHEN YOU TURN THE CONSOLE OFF THE 360 CHARGES THE BATTERY PACK. IT WILL CONTINUE TO UNTIL YOU TURN ON AND OFF YOUR CONOLE WITH THE CHARGE KIT OUT. IF YOU DON'T YOUR 360 WILL OVERHEAT FROM BEING ON SO LONG AND HAVING TO POWER YOUR BATTERY PACK.Now to the acutal review:The charge kit is great because there is no need to constantly replace batteries. The cord can be plugged into the xbox 360's USB port and it has the length so that you can play it at the same time. No need for expendable batteries anymore! The battery in the controller can recharge totally off the Xbox 360.
"0", Faulty device: There are day when i plug it in and it charges the battery and then there are days it just wont charge the batter
"0", Play and Charge Kit CATCHES FIRE!!!: after playing with the cord plugged in for less than 2 hours the battery began to overheat and then CATCH FIRE!!! Why would Microsoft let this FIRE HAZARD BE SOLD! If you want to waste your money ruin your controller burn yourself and possibly start a house fire then this is the piece for you I'll Stick with the Nyko Batteries though
"0", DO NOT BUY THIS PRODUCT: We purchased this remote charger for my son to save on batteries. Needless to say the internal electrical circuit overheated and started a fire which melted the plastic housing. Luckily it did not catch anything else on fire but BUYER BEWARE... this could happen to you as well. I'm not so upset about the money I'm out (approx $20) but this is a serious safety hazard as so many kids use this product for the same reasons we bought it... to save on batteries. I did report the incident to Microsoft as well as the consumer product safety commission. If there is some default in the production of these items then maybe a recall is in order. I'd hate to see anyone get injured or have their house burned down because of a faulty product.
"4", Love it!: I wish I got this sooner than later. It is a great battery charger and works while you play. It is a must for XBOX users! I highly recommend it!
"4", Gets the job done.: Item arrived promptly. Had a bit of trouble securing the battery into the controller. It looked like the locking part of the battery wasn't quite snapping into place. I had to whack it with my hand to enter the slot. After that smooth sailing.
"0", Worthless: This item is nearly useless. The battery never charged at all it stays red for all of 2 seconds and then goes to green. Try to use the "charged" battery and the control doesn't even power on let alone play. So basically ya just payed 15 dollars to turn your wireless controller into a wired controller.Edit--Amazon is amazing as always made it right quickly and painlessly.The 2nd play/charge kit works but still even brand new didn't hold a charge close to what was stated. So over all the item seems to be hit or miss and time will tell how well it stands up. I will update down the road to how well the battery charge holds with time.Current recommendation is to look to a different product
"0", Never use this: you are better off purchasing a batter charging station because this is just a pain to use and take away the whole point of having a wireless controller.
"4", Happy with the Play and Charge kit!: The Play and Charge kits kick the crap out of using batteries. If you don't have these buy two now! Unfortunately the 360 only has 2 USB Ports so buying more than 2 is useless. Enjoy though!
"0", Xbox 360 charge kit: well i guess i got suckered by the good reviews didnt see the bad ones well im in the un satisfied basket not. dont waste your money on this one.
"0", Break All The Time: These things break all the time. Just do a search for "Play & charge not charging" and you can see how widespread a problem it is. It comes with warranty but you'll give up after paying for shipping a few times. These things break all the time. There's no fix. These things are an f'ng pain in the ass waste of cash and micros*** doesn't care and they will never spend the resources needed to make it a solid product.
"0", AM I DOING SOMETHING WRONG?: I plug in the cord attach it to the controller turn on the consol (tried my pc too) and nothing....the little light above the cord that should be red while charging and green when fully charged doesnt light up. Anyone else run into this?
"4", Why don't you own this yet?: I meant it why...do you...not own...this yet???? it will save you so much money on batteries. Seriously. I mean come on. COME ON! fogettaboutit!
"0", don't buy it: Get one from a real store. This one came with out all the parts and removed from all the packaging.
"0", PS3 did it right WATS UP M$?: i dont understand why this is so hard to do i know the xbox is a outdated piece of equipment but jeez bad enuff i have to pay for something my ps3 already has now the junk doesnt work properly...M$ you fail FAIL FAIL!! ps3 you have my loyalty quality is what matters and anything that has the microsoft name on it is NOT quality. if it wasnt for mass effect i wouldnt own a xbox and wouldnt need to buy a wire and rechargeable batteries when a NEXT GEN SYSTEM should have this stuff included!
"0", THIS CHARGE KIT IS RACIST!: I have a black controller and this charge kit does not work with it. Only works with the white controller. LAME!!
"0", read this before buying: if you want to be truely wireless then dont buy this. you have to plug it into a usb port or your xbox 360 to charge which means you have to be wired to charge. better off getting batteries or rechargable batteries.
"0", Its a waste of time dont burn your money.: Do not purches this its a good theary and all but your jist makeing a wireless controler wired and giveing your self a bigger pain to deal with. Purches the Quick Charge Kit it comes with the rechargibal battery and is way less of a hassel.
"0", Bad battery pack: This product was not "like new condition" and the battery pack will not charge so I just paid $12 to turn my wireless controller into a wired one.
"0", Wrong color overpriced and damaged package.: This is probably a failure on my part but after purchasing the product I noticed other sites were selling it for much cheaper. When I received my product there were 2 issues:1. The picture in the product description page is of a white Play & Charge Kit and I received a black one. I wanted white since my controller is white.2. The box that the product was in was damaged. It looked like someone tried to crumple the box and tear it in half.I'm giving this 2 stars because I had a poor experience with the the pricing packaging and product color. I didn't open the damaged box to see if the product worked.
"0", Cord does not work: The battery in this pack works fine the cord however does not work and will not charge the battery. I had to use a charger cord from my brother to charge my battery. You are better off just dropping the extra money for a cord bought at the store.
"4", great charging tool.: This is a must have with your 360 and a controller.You can plug it in via USB to your Xbox 360 and charge the included battery pack while you play your game.You can also remove your battery pack and plug the cable directly to your 360 for wired gaming (so your controller won't shut off while you are in the middle of that hired driver Forza race.This charges via any USB port on your 360 your computer your cable box or your dog (if he has included USB hub).I recommend buying one of these then buying theQuick Charge Kit. Then you'll have 2 battery packs the quick charge dock and a USB charge cable.
"0", no...: The only reason i gave this product 2 stars is that it is more cost effective than replacing disposable batteries. This basically changes a wireless controller into a wired one while yes you can play and charge but it takes way too long. Rechargeable batteries isnt bad idea but i'd get the quick charge kit basically same thing as rechargeable batteries only it is made for charging 360 battery packs (comes with one rechargeable battery pack) and is capable of charging two at the same time... extremely quickly... about hour and a half for 1 battery pack and around 3 and a half to 4 hours for 2 battery packs
"0", Great when it worked: I ordered two of these for my wireless controllers. At first I loved them. They charged all the way up and lasted almost as long as a's. After like 4 months however they began only charging to 2 bars and ran out very quickly. I prefer using regular batteries now since they last so much longer. I would not reccommend these.
"4", The battery charges quickly and last a long time.: Long battery life. Long cord so you don't have to sit right next to your TV to play a game.
"0", silly little product: i gave it a generous extra star on the "funness" factor-if you like to play wired. like the 5-star reviewers said you can indeed charge the controller while the xbox is off. i consider myself a technologically adept person and pretty sure that i've figured out the proper way of using it. however when this silly little product gives the "ok light" that it's done charging one would obviously unplug it. about a half hour of playing time later...time to plug it back in the battery is shot!! the only reason that i have this is because it came with the fabulous green xbox (halo edition). but for this...don't waste ur money. by someEnergizer NH15BP-4 ACCU 2500mAh Rechargeable a Batteries (Four-pack)that microsoft arrogantly "does not recommend" in their xbox user manual.
"4", Saved me money: I think I must have waisted about twenty dollars on batterys. This thing has saved me so much money its not even funny. The cool thing about it is that even if your not a hardcore gamer and just play maybe 3 or 4 hours a week it stays charged. I think I charged it maybe once in 3 months. Now that schools over I might acutally put this thing to the test.
"4", Lifesaver: Ever get to that last moment where you've got the boss right where youwant them? Then boom you get the controller disconnected message. Well this made so I didn't have to scramble for batteries. It'll charge while you play.
"4", great product: this is a great product.well worth the cost unless you love spending money on batteries every other day.
"0", Good While it Lasted: This was good for when I first bought my XBOX 360 and it charged fast and even while I was playing so I could avoid an inconvenience. The cord is an o.k. length and playing while charging is nice though the cord can be a downer. In about 3 or 4 months the problems came and the battery held no charge and no matter how long I left it plugged in it didn't matter. While I had it I found it better than buying batteries but for what I payed it doesn't seem like I got my monies worth. Some people had good luck and for those I am happy but this item didn't hold its worth for me.
"0", Short Life Waste of Money: While the Play & Charge kit seems like a good idea and works well at first I'd have to say it was a waste of money.I have three of these and after about 6 months of light use each battery pack gets less than an hour of gameplay per charge. I end up having to keep them plugged in almost constantly - only two controllers can be charged simultaneously so if you're playing 4-player halo chances are someody's battery pack is gonna go dead and be unable to charge at some point.You can buy a lot of a's for ~$18 they're more reliable and last tons longer.If you don't want to buy batteries buy a wired controller; if you want wireless buy a big pack of a's at costco.
"4", GREAT idea: This was one of the things that sold me on the 360. No more dealing with a batteries. Another great thing is they last forever I play daily and I rarely need to charge them. The best part is even if they die while you are playing you simply just connect the cable to the controller and 360 and you have a wired controller that is charging for future wireless use. Another great feature of this set up is if the controller is not finished charging when you are done playing the 360 can be shut down but it will continue to use a minimal amount of power to charge your controller. All you need is one of these kits and you can buy extra rechargable batteries for your remaining controllers separately. A great idea and if Nintendo and Sony don't implement a system like this I think it will just be a big hassle. Another great idea from Microsoft.
"0", Overpriced and a Waste of Money: Like all Xbox 360 accessories the Play & Charge Kit is over priced. I have never been unsatified with a video game accessory until I bought this piece of garbage. It works fine the first few times I used it. Except for the fact that it took more than 6 hours to charge. Then it broke. The light would constantly stay green saying the battery is charge even when I just plugged it in. My controller wouldn't work unless it was plugged in using the play & charge kit. Rather than buying this buy the Quick Charge Kit which is only 10 dollars more and very reliable.
"0", Only the Cord: I ordered this expecting it to come with everything I need to play endless games without having to worry about changing the batteries. This is only a cord to charge the controller. It does not come with a rechargeable battery pack and so you will have to buy that separate. I returned the item and have not tried for another one since. I do not even know if it will do anything at all if you do not have a rechargeable battery pack with it since normal batteries don't just recharge themselves.
"4", funnel style rain chain: Purchased the funnel style to replace a "double loop" type originally purchased. The double loop splashes much more than the funnel type. We wanted more control of the water. The funnel style is far superior in this regard.
"4", Smaller Funnels than Anticipated: I really like the look of this rain chain it is well made of solid copper. The only thing that I was a little surprised about was the size of the individual funnels. They are much smaller than I anticipated. They do their job fairly well I just wish they had been a little bigger.
"4", nice: Works fine and is good quality. Funnel design keeps splashing to a minimum so I am going to try it as a replacment for a downspout next to the house.
"0", ZZ: This is one of the most cliche-ridden naval-gazing climbing stories I've read in a long long time. I didn't even know an audience still existed for this kind of well-worn mountaineering pablum. The story is right out of a computer format: Stephen Venables goes on a climb gets hurt misses his wife and kids and needs to be rescued so he can get back and see them. [...]I think I've read this story about a hundred times before usually by more honest observers.
"4", Five stars!: Severance introduces us to a South Seas world where not all is well in paradise. Iuti Mano is a battle-scarred warrior whose self-imposed exile/retirement is abruptly ended by the machinations of a power-hungry local sorceress and the drummers of the book's title who covet Iuti's warrior skin for their Mother Drum. The magical Pacific Islands-inspired world of the demon drummers becomes almost tangible as you succumb to Severance's seemless storytelling. She skillfully incorporates elements of Pacific island culture into her story but manages to create a world all her own. Iuti is an awesome character--a strong yet three-dimensional protagonist that will appeal to both women and men alike (she definitely kicks ...!). I think this was my favorite of the series although they were all wonderful. Kudos Carol--and please give us more!
"0", Nice improvement. But didn't last long.: I bought this router because I was looking to improve the distance and signal in the large house I was renting. I didn't notice much of an improvement with the non SRX400 enhanced cards that I had in my laptops. But when I bought the card it made all the difference. Works great! Improved the signal and performance significantly.Update:This product worked well at first but did not last long (about a year) before I started having problems and bought a new and different model.
"0", Faulty router with web utility config issues: I bought this router and since day one I had problems in accessing the configurations through the web utility. Linksys support's suggestions didn't work. I researched the problem and noticed that a lot of other people were having issues in accessing the router configurations through the web utilitiy. I problably had a faulty router to begin with. Anyhow I send it back for a refund.
"4", A great router with excellent range: It was an easy and clean install. I did need to download the firmware update to stabilize the network but it has been flawless ever since. My wife can now use her laptop out in her detached office and the whole rest of the house is covered by a strong signal as well. This was a good deal.
"0", Can you say RECALL!!!: So a friend of mine purchased this product and I was there while he was trying to setup the darn thing. The stupid WAN port was cut too small. A STANDARD RJ-45 ETHERNET JACK DOES NOT FIT. This product screams returns and recall!!!
"0", the router did not work: The router did not work! Linksys tech support is awful and a waste of time! DO NOT BUY THIS PRODUCT!!!
"0", Defective device: I thought this was new but was actually refurbished and it arrived defective. I believe the sender is going to charge me shipping or some sort of fee. I think this is totally preposterous and unfounded. I would never buy from this seller again.Thank youBernard
"0", This is a junk.: the wireless did not work before I upgraded the lastest firmware.After the firmware upgraded. the wireless worked for a day thenit drop the connection every 5 minutes. I you want to reset the router every fine minutes you can buy this junk.
"0", This is the Toonces of routers - it routes just not very well: I probably should have gone with an older model. This models drops the wireless connection every 30 minutes (up from 12 minutes before we turned off IEEE 802.1X authentication). I wish the problems were catastrophic - try getting support for something that "kinda works".
"0", Need a fancy paperweight?: This p.o.s. gave trouble from the moment I took it out of the box. I updated the firmware I updated my nic drivers and wlan drivers. I moved it to different positions in the room (and then house). I experimented with various settings (encryption levels etc). Bottom line: It bricks after a few minutes no matter what. So what? Everyone knows Linksys firmwares are buggy as hell. Well here comes the kicker: You **CANNOT** put dd-wrt or other third party firmware on this router. None of them support the chipset. Buy the WRT54GL and know peace. Until the linux firmware hackers start supporting this it's really pointless to buy. Don't say you weren't warned.
"0", fast but incompatible: Previously used a d-link 624 which worked well with all my devices but had limited range.Bought this based on reviews here as having good range (mimo) which it did even with channel bonding turned off (so as not to clobber everything for my neighbors).Unfortunately it had serious incompatibility problems. Would not maintain connection (WPA/WPA2 TKIP+AES) with PlayStation 3 or with my Cingular 8525 (HTC tytn) and had intermittent problems with my toshiba tecra M5 and dell m700 both with internal wireless mini-pci cards (not sure which chipsets).Returned it.Bought a buffalo WHR-HP-G54 instead and everything works great.
"0", Very disappointed in product and technical support: After much effort to get this installed and working it works marginally at best. Technical support was and is also marginal handicapped perhaps by English being a second language.I was naive and thought I could get the kinks worked out and by doing so missed the window to return it. I am glad other buyers have had good luck with the product wish I would have.
"0", Linksys is GARBAGE: Have had experience with several wrt54g flavors by linksys all are problematic. Do not repeat do not buy a linksys wireless router!!! They are poorly made and the firmware is poorly programmed. They constantly drop their IP address constantly drop their wireless signal. In short don't bother! Netgear is probably a better choice. But we'll see about that.
"0", Not a good router: First I buy nothing but linksys routers. This was bought to replace a linksys WRT54GL wireless router. It worked great for a couple weeks then without explanation the router stopped communicating with 3 different wireless connections.I reset the router and that worked for a few hours but invariably the router stopped communicating with the wireless connections. I never had a problem with the 2 hard wired computers.I had minimum security set on the router (Mac address filtering only) no encryption at all.So I hooked back up the old Linksys and have not had a problem since. I can only guess that Linksys wants you to purchase their $100.00 network card along with this router. No thanks.I will simply return the router and patiently wait until they perfect the technology.
"0", Unstable and poorly documented: I bought this wireless router about six months ago and have had stability problems with it since then. The unit keeps disconnecting from my DSL modem. The DSL line almost never goes down so the problem is with the router. I have called tech support read all the FAQs and tried all the fixes with no success. I replaced a Netgear router for which I only paid $30 six years ago and I wish I had it back. Avoid this unit...
"0", firmware uprade !: marginal product bad cusomer service and returning the product is hell! one advise don't upgrade the firmware. please do some research before buying this unit. the unit setup is easy if all you need is a basic network but the advansed setup page does not work form the web utility and the unit drops connection on it's own range is five out of ten and a firmware is needed to get a good performance but when you do so you might fry the hardware for some reason this happens a lot and you have to a nightmare of useless customer service to get a refurbished unit that you ship on your own expenses wait for it 10 days and then get a unit with the old firmware again! very sad.
"0", Wireless stopped working: I'm never buying from Linksys again. My friend and I both had the WRT54GX4 and both of our routers stopped working after some storms we have in our area. Mind you just the wireless stopped working. A direct line to it is fine. Seems Linksys didn't make this product very well as it is sensitive to power surges. And yes both of us use decent surge protectors.
"0", Dissatisfied: Unfortunately I received a defective unit and after spending endless hours with Linksys technical support which incidentally is very good the diagnosis was that it was not working properly and the drop rate was to high. I returned it for a full refund and ordered a D-Link 655.
"4", Great range and speed: I've had my router about a month now and I love it. At the farthest point from the router I still have a 5 bar signal and I don't notice any reduction in speed from my wired ethernet. I did have some problems staying connected to the internet at first but then I upgraded the firmware and I have been connected for 14 days with no interruption.This product is awesome and I highly recommend it.
"0", Dropped Connections: This product does not earn a rating. I purchased two new units and experienced identical problems with connections dropped every few minutes. Two different IT professionals could not make it work. The Linsys Tech assistance although courteous could not help. Shame on Linsys for marketing such merchandise.
"0", Unuseable Wireless: Mine would drop all wireless packets after being on for about an hour. This behavior started immediately out of the box. I suspect the unit must have been defective but I asked for a return not an exchange.
"0", Poor quality - giving up...: After about 4 months of sporadic problems I've given up and gone to Netgear's MIMO.This device has been problematic every time the power was recycled. I've done complete resets using the reset button on the back (10 seconds) and the wireless DHCP just don't work anymore. Can't even access the web based administration page using the 192.168.1.1 address.When it worked range was good but I have to recomend the Netgear at this point.[...]
"0", Please read before buying - router has issues: I have always had linksys routers without any problems; in fact I am currently using the WRT54GS. I purchased this router because I felt that having the added range would be beneficial - WRONG!!!This router is wonderful to setup from the box and when it decides that it's going to work has great range. However the router kept disconnecting from my wireless devices pretty regularly. I was no longer able to take my laptop throughout my house as I used to because it would disconnect. I contacted linksys and the only option they gave me was to change the channel which I went through all of them to no avail. I have since gone back to using my old router which works wonderfully.This technology is still way too new and Linksys needs to work out the bugs in it before releasing it to the public.
"4", Huge speed and range boost: The Wireless-G router is the one I use at home. At the time I picked it up it seemed like the perfect combination of a wired router and a wireless router for connecting to cable or DSL. Set up (including pulling out my old hub router and wireless) took less than 10 minutes and best of all everything worked for me the first time. Now I have 1 device to replace the clutter I had in the corner under my desk for years and years. This model here has SRX400 speed and range expansion. The other similar looking model is considerably cheaper but if the speed and range boost are worth the extra cost. I use my laptop outside on the picnic table in the backyard with the router on the other side of the house. No problems.
"0", Linksys WRT54GX4 Wireless-G: Linksys products over the years have proven to be less than reliable and the WRT54GX4 may be the culmination of this dubious achievement status.Like all Linksys products the main issues are functionality consistency and ease of implementation. I have only thirty years experience in the IT world which perhaps under qualifies me to properly setup these units.Avoid using these overpriced under performing products whenever possible and you'll be much happier or disregard this review and find out why millions of people are on a first named basis with Rashis (from Bombay) one of the dozens of friendly customer support individuals sub-contracted by the company to man their very busy customer support lines 24/7. Too bad they can't ad a few more days to the week to take some of the pressure off these nice people.
"0", Horribly unreliable router: While the range is slightly better (the equivalent of an extra room in a house) this router is very unreliable. It starts dropping connections probably 2 times a week usually power off and power on will fix it but some times that doesn't even work for an hour or so. I've tried upgrading to the latest firmware 1.00.17 and hard reseting but it's still has problems. You can do a search on the web for similar issues. I don't know if it's Cisco buying them or if Linksys is going downhill permanently but even though I was totally satisfied with a previous wireless and wired router I won't be purchasing from Linksys again.
"4", good signal range: I purchased this product for it's long signal range support. it works fine within my house no matter where I am. the signals are normally from good to excellent covering the dead spots too.
"0", Great... unless you want to use it.: I bought the WRT54GX4 to replace a WRT54G that died after long a faithfull service. I was hoping to get more range with the new router... which I do. I doesn't do much good however since the router is so unstable. It locks up or reboots itself about every 10-20 minutes... unless I disasble the wireless then it ran for 6 hours without a problem. I upgraded to the 1.00.10 firmware and then reset to the factory defaults and that cured the slow response to the routers web interface but not the lockups and reboots. I have tried various MTU and channel settings as suggested by linksys. I am ready to return this expensive piece of .... and go back to an inexpensive router that actually works.
"4", Fantastic: This CD is truly an unheralded gem. I was fortunate to see this album performed live and the CD certainly captures the essence of the live performance. A truly enjoyable album.
"4", An Essential Biography: The Road to Assisi is a factual well-researched unsentimental biography of St. Francis. Written in 1894 by Paul Sabatier the book became a bestseller throughout Europe and made the Vatican's infamous "index" of forbidden books. Sabatier a French Protestant wrote a very objective biography that portrays Francis favorably but tells how his order of spiritual brothers was challenged by ecclesiastical authorities. I was surprised to learn that meek and gentle Francis could also be bold stern and assertive in many situations. He did not go gently when he reprimanded his brothers and there were several occassions when he did so.It's a good translation and finely edited by John Sweeney who has added sidebar annotations that contribute to understanding the people and places in Francis's time.
"4", The first attempt at a modern biography of St. Francis: Now in a new edition edited and with an introduction and annotation Jon Sweeny The Road To Assisi: The Essential Biography of St. Francis was first published in French in 1894 as the first attempt at a modern biography of St. Francis one of the most beloved figures of Christian history. Author Paul Sabatier struggled to answer the question: who was Francis the man? Groundbreaking research reveals the a fully human portrayal of a man who was nonetheless gentle passionate joyful and who desired to live as Jesus once taught his disciples. An extraordinary work that covers Francis' weaknesses as surely as his strengths enhanced by the annotation and sidebars that place events of Francis' life in historical context. Highly recommended for individual reading as well as biography shelves and a must-have for library collections.
"4", This book does have many Native American words: I disagree with the previous reviewer. This book has 459 pages and each one of them has many words in Native American languages. You'll have to see a copy for yourself but don't take someone's word for it....there are over 2500 Native American words listed here.
"0", Not up to date: I have had a copy of this book since it came out. I keep hoping to get an electronic copy. I am Cherokee. Where in the book does it tell about Tahlequah Oklahoma? This is the center of the Oklahoma band of the Cherokee. This is where the Cherokee National Holiday is celebrated. It states that Sequoia developed the Cherokee written language. His name was really Soquili. Check the book "Tell them they lie" written by Traveler Bird a decendant of Soquili. More research needs to be done.
"0", not recommended: The title is misleading.very few definitions.words like frenchfurniture fur trading.some information doe's not check out to be correct.
"4", A historical document and beautiful performances: The earlier reviewer is quite correct about the subfusc sound on this recording; but these are historic performances by the Czech Philharmonic on visits to London in the late thirties under a very young Szell and Kubelik (aged 30 and 24 respectively). While the transfer is not of the best quality--hence the limited recommendation--it is very serviceable and the music registers clearly. Some years ago a radio co-host and I played part of this disc on air (the Largo from the New World Symphony conducted by Szell) and the listeners loved it; we got lots of calls in response to this selection. The two excerpts from "Ma Vlast" under Kubelik are similarly eloquent. While not everyone cares for "vintage" music performances these communicate very vividly to anyone with a taste for the sound of 78's.
"0", Good performance lousy sound.: Don't know the year but this sounds pre-stereo with very muffled sound. Still Szell is Szell... .
"0", Little pieces: This bracelet fell apart as soon as my daughter put it on. I contacted the seller via Amazon's email contact and got no reply whatsoever. It wasn't expensive or anything so it's not that big of a deal it's just the principle.
"0", Pet Swabs - Ear Relief Wash Swabs: I used these for years before my local shops stopped carrying them. Was happy to find them on Amazon but very disappointed when they arrived. The solution (clove oil and other agents) was dried out - fresh good swabs have the solution filled in the stem of the swab. Nothing. Dried up. Evaporated. Useless.These are wonderful swabs when fresh. Useless when old and dried out.Very disappointed.
"0", Buyer beware of all Language Force products: I purchased this in Nov. 2000 (11 months ago) and mailed a $20 rebate request which I have never received. Language Force stopped the rebate center from issuing the rebates even though the center confirms my rebate request prior to the expiration date. LF has disconnected all customer service phone numbers and the web site is unavailable. If you purchase this product with the intention of obtaining a rebate or getting support on any product you are taking a big risk. I have never used the product because of the company's actions.
"4", XL: Got these for my hubbie with very large hands. He never wears gloves while working in the yard because he "can't find ones that fit." So i ordered him an XL pair of these and they fit - AND he wears them. :)
"4", A Much Needed Paradigm Shift: Scott Gustafson brings to light an important and exciting new approach to understanding the Bible that is dynamite. His insights make the biblical message an important social and political statement that confronts the timeless hypocrisy of those in power. It really makes you think. It stirs the soul. It's the kind of thing that puts steel in faith. This author makes it clear how much we have forgotten. But it's not too late to learn that what was forgotten can makes all things new.
"4", Just loved it so much!!!: I loved this movie a must see. I thought it was appropriate for my children and would recommend it to any and all of my friends. Guilford Adams is so funny and I hope to find some more movies that he stars in. He is just the best. Some of us here in Texas think he is such a cutie that we are tempted to start up a fan club! This movie is really one you could see time and time again in that it has a good story and is easy to follow. I am so pleased with my DVD- happy viewing!
"0", Over hyped: What is up with all the hype. This movie sucked. BIG TIME. And what is with all the reviews about Peggy Black aka Jane Braugh? Ms. Braugh -- don't quit your day job.
"4", Great DVD but it has some annoying DRM!: This documentary was a wonderful piece of work chock full of amazing interviews photos and vintage footage that makes you feel like you're right in the middle of the legendary black artist movement. I enjoyed this documentary thoroughly because not only was it a wonderful political account it was also an incredible history of early black cinema as well. This documentary is a must for anyone with a general interest in early to mid 20th century black history.The big problem with this dvd is it takes full use of an irritating DRM technology called UOP prohibition that will stop you from fast forwarding certain parts of the dvd. Commercials logos etc. all unskippable you can't even use the stop button. The only way to stop the player is to shut it all the way off with the power button. I was really really surprised to see this nasty drm on such a great dvd. I have other BET Starz dvds and they aren't as annoying.
"4", title could also be "Pride and Prejudice": In the title role James Earl Jones gives a performance of a life time. This movie shows the prejudice that prevailed in this country during it's time frame. Jane Alexander was also wonderful in her role as the "white man's boon tang(sic)". I believe the movie was based on the real life story of Jack Johnson a boxing world champion. I would rate this movie as a don't miss.
"0", AWFUL: This was an awful movie that had no point and was extremely boring. Don't see it! unless its just to make noise in the background while you do something thats going to be worth ur time. i hate it i hate it i hate it! note: it doesnt even derseve one star!
"4", James Earl Jones at his finest....: This is a remarkable and forceful film well written and directed. Jones shows a physical prowess that does not come through in any other film I have seen him in and carries the role with a natural grace. Sharply exposing the prejudice of the time it is also unfliching in the portrait of a man brought to ruin by the forces around him with not a little assistance from his own feeling of being untouchable. Highly recommended.
"4", The Legend and The Man: You don't have to be a fan of boxing to enjoy this movie. THE GREAT WHITE HOPE is the story of Jack Johnson the famed illustrious 'Negro' boxer. Fortunately James Earl Jones and Jane Alexander reprieve the role they played in the successful Broadway play (1968) each giving a powerful performance. It was said that Mohamed Ali saw the play and later modeled his boxing 'personality' after the famed Jack Johnson.I've read many biographies of the late Jack Johnson and I think that the movie does not follow true to the actually events in Johnson's life. Still the movie is gripping thanks to James Earl Jones' intense electrifying portrayal of Jack Johnson. I highly recommend this movie.
"0", Never received item: I never received the item. I am still trying to figure out what happened and when I can get it (one month later).
"4", Great Music. It's the only 2 LP's on one CD.: This is great perplexingly complex RIO style progressive rock but be aware that this CD is the 2 very fine LP's this group put out I believe in the 80's on vinyl put back to back on 1 CD. No bonus stuff. No new stuff. Great stuff though.
"0", broken but it works: the top was cracked but it still works. The bolt that goes through the top must have been over tightened in testing since the crack is right where the anchor for the threading is.
"4", Bubba Ho-Tep: I saw the movie when it first came out and really liked it but never read to original story. When the Kindle version came out I thought I would give it a try. I really loved this book! Without a doubt everyone should read this!
"4", Takin' Care Of Business...: Elvis (Real Or Impersonator?) and an African-American JFK (Real Or Impersonator?) fight an ancient mummy in a rest home...What fun you're gonna have IF you've Not read this OR seen the Also Excellent Movie (Starring Bruce Campbell as Elvis!)!Mojo Writer Joe Lansdale definitely has his Mojo Workin' in this parody of "B" Movies!I've read anything and everything Joe has written that I could get my hands (Or eyes) on and I suggest you do the same!This story is so "Campy" & "Goofy" you can't help but like it and Wonder HowInTheHell did HisOwnBadSelf Lansdale even come up with this story in the first place...So Pick up the story & the DVD - Doesn't really matter which you watch or read first - They are BOTH well worth the price of admission...Butter Up some Popcorn and get to it!
"4", Wonderful: I love this book and couldn't find it in Italy. It was delivered very soon and I love the hardcover edition. Thank you!
"4", Superb!: If you like hammered dulcimer music with a hint of Smokey Mountain flavor you can't do better! A touch of home I can play on the banks of the Mississippi.
"4", Bob Seger before you knew him . . .: Years before Bob Seger really popped on the current music scene Smokin' O.P.'s was released. Not alot of original tunes but Seger put his own signature on several great rock era songs and made them really cook.If you love Bob Seger you owe it to yourself to hear what he did before his star really rose.
"4", Still Burning: Seeger's covers album was my favourite Seeger for no other reason than the awesome power he delivers on those three opening tracks;McDaniel's 'Bo Didley/ Who Do You Love' the Stephen Still's anthem'Love The One Your With'and a yearning mournful rendition of Tim Hardin's'If I were A Carpenter'. He got smoother as he 'progressed'into acceptability. Give me this raw passion any day! Using a cobra snake as a necktie honey. Tell me. Who do you love? Bo never said it better. This is pretty seductive rhetoric Bobby. I believed you back then.
"4", A lost classic: The GoodSeger and company pump up "Bo Diddley" with funky guitar tones and licks stirring tambourine and pulsing Hammond organ tones. More funk-style guitar dominates "Love the One Your With". This is one of the most soulful and emotionally charged versions I've heard of this song. The tuneful female vocals blend well with Seger's deep throaty delivery. The bluesy solo work is simply stunning."Humming Bird" is all about the vocals during the first few moment of the song. The emotion builds with the addition of faint guitar and piano. The track takes a spiritual turn when the choir kicks in. "Let It Rock" is all about blues-rock with its blues chord progression and 50's style licks. They forgo the standard guitar solo for an impressive organ solo. Bob's touching and earnest vocals compliment the harmonica strings and piano on "Someday".The BadNothing notableThe VerdictLight one up sit back and enjoy. Smokin' O.P.'s is a lost classic.
"0", awful: Trite boring songs with none of the classical themes that used to be in their music. The remake of Pictures was unnecessary especially since Greg Lakes voice doesnt have the range it used to and couldnt hit some of the notes. I threw the CD in the garbage becauese I didnt think I could get anything for it anywhere.
"0", on the toilet seat: i've been a fan of this band since damn near day one. what were they thinking when they released this?
"0", identical!: Just so you know this book is the exact same book as Flower innovations; Flair with flowers is just a newly published edition. You can confirm this by looking on the amazon site under product details of both books.
"0", Fun but not for long: My kids enjoyed playing with this toy for the first few days after it came. Since then it is not getting much attention. I am expecting this to be used on and off by kids. It will be especially used when their friends come visiting.Though nothing has been broken but judging from feel the construction could have been sturdier.
"0", Be careful about age ranges: Though this item states an age range of 18 months to 6 years (how big is the average 6 year old I don't know) my 3 year old was too big to use it he tipped and couldn't make it spin. If you have a child who is particularly tall or big for his age (my son weight 52lbs & is 45 inches tall at 3) then you might want to consider seeing an item in person before purchasing. This was a good lesson for me.
"0", New and improved? Yeah right!: I just put this together for my 3-yr-old who was very excited to be getting his own. He plays with one of the original type Sit N Spins at preschool and loves it. However this "new and improved" version is a piece of junk. The support that connects the top to the base unit is made of cheap plastic and has way too much give in it to effectively get a good spin going. My son can really make the old one spin quickly but with this one it's useless. He complained that it's too slow and gave up on it within about two minutes. It will be definitely be returned.
"4", Just like when I was a kid!: I bought this for my daughter when she was almost 2yrs. and she loved it from the start. The music is a little annoying but that is my problem not hers. She has stood on top of it and it has been dropped down the stairs and it still works fine!I would definalty reccomend this toy!
"4", Good Toy - Take out the batteries: I love the classic sit-n-spin and I wish this was just the classic version without the music. Everyone I know that has one of these has taken out the batteries because it is so loud. Our daughter who is two loves the toy all the same without the noise.
"0", can be hazardous: Our 15 month old daughter loves her sit and spin LOVES IT!. We didn't put batteries in it because we read the complaints about the music. She used it every day. The problem is that whenever we go to move it the top hand wheel pops off so you have to pick it up by the entire base. Lesson learned easy fix just use more care. Until last night when she was gleefully smiling and spinning the hand wheel popped off and she banged her head on the floor. My baby's not much of a crier but boy did she cry after that! I may try the liquid nails that another person recommended because she loves this toy sooo much. Just be aware of the hazard!
"0", Doesn't compare to the original: What a flimsy piece of junk. The plastic is not made strong like the 1970's models we remember. My son is 29 lbs and the musical handle piece still bends to almost breaking when he tries to pull himself around. It really doesn't even work except for the annoying music. You can spin it as long as no one is sitting on it so it is a pointless waste of money and space. My son gave up on it and won't even try to play with it anymore. If you decide to try to find an old used one avoid the ones people claim are vintage made in 1973. Only the base of it says 1973; the musical top part is from the late 90's and is too flimsy to be functional. If you see the musical top handle it is the modern piece of crap with the non-sturdy plastic. The old ones were hard plastic and had no music. This is more force-fed Chinese junk for the American consumer. Avoid.
"4", Bringing back those childhood memories: aahh...I remember this toy well! I had it when I was a kid. The newer model doesn't sound promising though. Mine was blue with a swirl sticker on top. It didn't have music in it. But it was still hours of fun then. I miss it. I am wondering if anyone has the guts to build one for adults? I will definitely buy it then! I really want to ride this thing again!
"0", The music never stops!: It is true my daughter LOVES this toy. And it is even more true that it drives me crazy! There is no on-off switch and the music goes on and on... my daughter enjoys walking past it and just hitting the top and making the music play. It is loud and very bothersome. I think it was my sister's way of getting me back for all the irritating gifts I have given her kids.
"0", JJ's mom: This sit and spin has no off switch and is very sensive to motion. It plays music and lights up at very in appropirate times with little stimulation. It also takes up a concerable amount of space in our small home.
"4", Fun entertainment for the child and the adult: My DD received this as a gift she is average height for 2 1/2 and has no troubles playing with this and frequently sends herself flying off and very amusing to watch.Only downside is that music LOL No volume control no on off switch just praying on a short battery life. Can't give 5 stars just for the lack of volume control other than that Great gift and toy.
"4", It takes a beating...: I have a home daycare and purchased this toy about a year ago. I have kids from age 2yrs up to 9yrs and they all play with it daily. It really takes a beating but you'd never know it. It still looks and works perfectly. The younger ones have really learned alot in getting themselves to spin around. And they spend alot of time using the top part as a chair. I discourage it because I'm afraid it will break but so far it hasn't. The music isn't too annoying like it can be on some toys. It's not too loud and doesn't play for too long at a time.I believe that any toy that is durable enough to last this long at a daycare... and is fun enough to get the kids playing with it everyday is a definite must-have for every kid. Two thumbs up for this one!
"0", The music will drive you crazy.: I fondly remember the sit 'n spin from my own childhood. I got it for my son last year for Christmas. He's 2 1/2 now and enjoys it more than he did last year. However the music is loud and quite annoying. It also triggers quite easily when other toys in the toybox shift around. I think it will work in silent mode without the batteries which I may try soon. I hate to be a killjoy but I just can't listen to those those cheesey tunes anymore.
"4", It's not loud!!: My hasn't this improved since I was a kid!! My son loves it just as much as I did. What I like best about it is that the music it plays isn't LOUD! Most toys that play music are obnoxiously loud but this one is just right. I had to buy one for my nephew's birthday! It's a great gift.
"4", Still a hit -- after all these years!!!: I had forgotten that this toy even existed until some brilliant person gave it to my daughter for her 2nd birthday. She was a little wary of it for about a day but then it became a huge hit. She loves to play the music even if she's not in the mood for spinning. In fact it is the one toy she has trouble sharing with playmates since she loves it so much. (She's usually pretty good about sharing.) Highly recommended for boys or girls.
"4", FUN ~ FUN ~ FUN!!!: This is a second generation toy for our family. Our boys loved it when they were little and now our 2 year old grandson loves it too! He is particularly fond of musical items and the addition of music to this classic toddler toy was perfect. It encourages physical play eye-hand coordination and just plain fun!!!
"0", does not spin well: We recently purchased a sit n spin for our 2 year old son. The plastic base is flimsy and seems unable to support his weight. Unless situated just perfect my son is unable to spin. The base rubs against the floor. My son is the height and weight of a 3 year old but when he uses my old sit n spin at my parents house he spins much faster. I agree with others that there should be an off/on switch and toy is not that durable.
"4", Great toy once you put tape over the speaker: I swear they make the decibal level so loud that kids will go deaf! This toy is very annoying with how loud it is. I combatted that with putting tape over the speaker holes. I swear. . .can they just make a toy nowadays that isn't electronic or makes noise or doesn't need batteries! What happened to the plain old sit and spin? Instead they have to add annoying music to it!
"4", Lights and Sound Not Necessary!: I wish this had an off switch! The music is a little loud and starts easily. We also received one without lights and sound which is just as much fun!
"0", LOUD obnoxious easy 2 fall when stepped on easy spills: The classic sit 'n spin was so wonderful! PLEASE TRY THIS IN THE STORE BEFORE YOU BUY! Don't be fooled as we were into thinking the 'music' was not too loud. We tried the music in the store (TRUs) before buying but discovered when in use at home that a toy store environment must be very loud. In addition to the VERY loud obnoxious music (even our 3-yr. old daughter still covers her ears and that's with clear packing tape over the speaker) it is very very easy for children to fall when they step on this toy (and that's the 1st way they usually try to get on it). As a consequence VERY CLOSE SUPERVISION is needed for playdates and children under the age of 5. Children also tend to lean backward while trying to use arms to spin and this often results in the SNSpin toppling over. Our child's lighweight (3 yrs. 30 lbs.) but heavier friends have experienced the same high-risk issue. BUY IT WITHOUT THE MUSIC if you can find it.
"4", FUN FUN FUN!: I got this for my daughter when she was about 18 months old and she LOVES it still five months later. She's an old pro now can go so fast that she doesn't even need me to help. At first when she couldn't go fast enough herself I would help her but she learned to FLY within a month! I like the music aspect of it too it makes it like two toys in one.
"4", Fun for the kids; too noisy for Mom!: I was going to buy thisMusic & Lights Sit 'n Spin: Rockin' Tunesfor Devon for his first birthday last January but his mother beat me to it. He's been spinning on this for eight months and still loves it. What a treat to observe that adorable little guy playing and enjoying every minute of life. His laugh is pure joy as he spins around his smile brightening the faces of the entire family.This toy has held up well which says much for its durability because Devon's a pretty rough-and-tumble kid ... as boys should be of course. ... lol ...He loves the music ... much more than his mother does so I'm going to suggest she take the advice of another reviewer and remove the batteries. I'm certain Devon would still have fun with this classic--music or no music.Devon recommends it highly! Mommy recommends it with reservations about the too-loud music so I'm giving it four stars.Reviewed by: Betty Dravis 2008author of The Toonies Invade Silicon Valley
"4", sit&spin: I belive that this is a classic toy that was alot sturdier when originally manufactured. I had one of these as a child the top of mine didn't come off as the top of the one I purchased for my daughter about a month ago does. I understand it lights up and plays music now but it will also break quite easily when she gets older.
"0", Not a good toy like the old one in the seventees-dont buy: Well I bought mine for somewhere in the twenty dollar range so i dont know what they mean by asking almost 90 bucks...anyway this spinning toy is no good AT ALL. Buy it if you don't believe me buy one...but dont pay 80 bucks they go for alot cheaper right in the store. I'm quite disappointed and months have gone by and I haven't seen my kids manage to make one complete revolution on this junky toy.
"0", The music is awful: I really wish they had regular sit and spins without any musical abilities. The music that plays on this toy is worse than nails on a chalkboard I immediately took the batteries out. My daughter likes it and there is no sound (thank goodness).
"0", not as good as the orginal - by far: This new version of the sit and spin was a huge dissapointment. The original was much more sturdy. This new version is made of cheap flimsy plastic...
"0", They ruined a great classic toy!: I didn't think it was possible but the manufacturer made the Sit N Spin worse when they added lights and sound. It USED to be a great toy! First the music is the most obnoxious rockabilly-ish stuff I've ever heard. Second its way too loud for the children's ears in my opinion. Third there is no "off" button for the lights/music (every parent's nightmare). We bought this for our daughter for Christmas and I took the batteries out after the first day. What a relief!!
"0", No Win on this Sit 'n Spin: This toy actually has gotten a "thumbs down" by the Oppenheim Toys Portfolio (that just cracks me up). The music is a little too loud; it just doesn't have that awesome spin action that I remember as a kid. Seems pretty tough. We got it for free- if you are in the market for one I would pursue other alternatives.
"4", Nice toy: My son got this for his first birthday. He can use it at all at this age. In fact he tries to use it to climb the furniture. He does love the usic feature on it. But this is really for like a 2 year. We have put it away untill later because right now it is just dangerous
"0", Would Like to Buy: I was very interested in buying this toy but after reading some to the other reviews I have decided against it. I already have plenty of toys that make noise I do not need another one. I agree with many other reviews that the old Sin 'n Spin should come back. Why fix it if it isn't broken? Please take into consideration this request because I would love for my child to have one. Thank you.
"4", THIS THING SUCKS I WISH I HAD NEVER BOUGHT IT!!!!: This thing SUCKS!! The music is WaAY too loud AND my son is ONLY 28 pounds and the thing won't spin!!! It seems like if he tries to make it spin it will break! What..a waste of $20!! And yah the fact that there is NO off button is horrible!! It's about to make a disappearing act!! If I knew how to contact the company I would ask for a refund!! What junk!! Don't buy this get your kid something else or go to a flea market and try to find the good old fashioned kind the kind that DOES spin and IS quiet!!
"0", Better for older tots: Santa gave this toy to my daughter for Christmas. She is now 18 months old and she still doesn't sit on it and spin. She tries to stand on it and ends up losing her balance and tumbling off. Her favorite thing is to press the top to play music or to put a stuffed animal on it and spin the animal around. I hope she will "rediscover" this toy when she gets a little older because she seems bored and uninterested with it at her current age. I also find it a little unsettling/dangerous when she tries to stand on the spinning part.
"4", Makes me dizzy just watching but what a great toy!: I remember having one of these when I was little and I loved it. So when an aunt wanted to get something for my daughter for Christmas I didn't hesitate to ask her for this toy. What a great decision of mine! She has loved it! The music on the top is just another added little touch that I love. We didn't have that growing up. I know that she will have many years of enjoyment with it!
"0", A [flimsy] plastic toy: If your child has any size or weight at all then don't purchase this toy! My son is rather big for his age of two and he could flip it while trying to turn it....[flimsy] and not worth the money
"4", classic fun but lacks durability: I start by saying I'm totally in love with the new sit & spin. While I agree with the statement "why improve on spinning around & getting dizzy?" my daughter really loves playing the music so great. Also I love the fact that she's playing on a toy that I enjoyed until the age of 11 I think.However I would definitely have paid $5-10 more in exchange for a sturdier toy perhaps with a heavier base the way the older models were made. The plastic is pretty flimsy and it's too easy for my daughter to simply pull on the handle really hard while seated (thus completing the spinning motion) and tip the whole thing over.
"0", Where did the fun go?: Today's Sit-N-Spins are nearly half the size they were when I was a kid--and it's not just because I got bigger that it looks smaller. My son got one for his second birthday and he is too big for it! He is not overweight he is within normal height range for his age group. The base is not wide enough--there is not enough room between the handle base and the edge of the seat for him to sit without rubbing against the handle or falling off the edge of the seat. His feet dangle off the opposite end--when he crosses his feet to sit it works for a few turns; still he comes in contact with the handle base and it stops while he is still trying to spin.I'm very disappointed with this I thought it was a great toy but they've ruined it by making it impossibly small. Now all he does is push the button for the music or give his stuffed animals a ride on it. His birthday was only two weeks ago!
"0", My 2 don't like this one.: Neither of my toddlers like this toy other than to stand on top of it and jump off. I must admit it has held up well under this abuse. Although it has several catchy tunes and blinking lights they care nothing about spinning around on it.
"0", Too loud and doesn't spin fast enough: This Sit n Spin definitely does not go as fast as the one we had as kids. Perhaps child safety issues have made the company slow down the rotation but it's just not as fun. And the music with neither volume control nor an on/off switch is deafening and irritating even to my four year-old son. Not worth it. Find an old one at a thrift store (without music) and save your money!
"0", This toy was a bad purchase!!!: I purchased this toy for Christmas for my 18 month old son and while putting it together was easy the toy just didn't work. The toy would not spin! My son could not turn himself and I had difficulty doing it for him. I wanted to take it back but I'd thrown my receipt away. Save your money on this toy it just isn't worth it.
"0", Don't Buy This!!!: I recently bought this for my 2 year old daughter and she is too big for it! As a kid I remember how great this toy was. Trust me this isn't the same toy. The toy is smaller than it used to be and it is incredibly flimsy. This new model has you put a couple of screws in place to attach the post to the base (the original was a single piece). My daughter only uses it for music now. Buy something else that will be of more use to your kid.
"0", There are better products: This sit-and-spin is very light and therefore unstable. My son is less than 30 lbs and it tips easily with him on it and he doesn't play with it for that reason. The products without the music pad are heavier safer and cheaper. My son LOVES those. We are expecting another baby but this toy is in the garage sale pile.
"0", Fun but breaks: My kids loved this but they stood on it and older children used it and my 2 year old pulled the steering wheel out and it never went back. It became wobbly and always fell out. I had to throw it away. They just don't make things like the used to.
"0", dangerous: This toy is very dangerous not to mention annoying. It doesn't have a power switch and if you even breath on it it will go into a rock n roll medley that will wake up your entire household. My son almost sprained his ankle on it.
"4", My granddaughter will grow into this....: ...but she's a bit young for it at 20 months. She didn't grasp the idea of turning herself around by using the top wheel and she wasn't too thrilled at being dizzy when her grandma gently spun her around on it but she loves the music and light show! The unit was easy to put together quite sturdy (has survived a tot and two overactive boxer dogs quite well!) and the music level is low enough not to assault the ears. She also loves giving her dolls and stuffed animals rides.
"4", Even at 18 months my daughter enjoyed this classic!: I had such fond memories of my sit n' spin that I knew I had to get one for my daughter! We thought she would also enjoy it since one of her favorite activities is being spun around by mommy or daddy! She got it for Christmas (at 18 months) struggled a little but within a week had the hang of it! Now at 22 months she can go pretty fast and yells "dizzy!" and "weeeeee!" over and over! I think the lights and music are a fun addition to this classic. The music is really not too loud so I was able to tune it out easily. haha. Well worth the money for us! Oh and another reviewer stated that the top part kept coming off but you really need to snap it in tight for it to stay - then no problems!
"4", musical sit & spin: I bought this toy for our daughter's first Christmas and she figured out how to use it within seconds. She loves all the different songs that play on it while spinning around. She is now three years old and I don't think there's a day that goes by that she doesn't ride on this toy. It was a good muscle and coordination builder for her. Her four year old brother loves to use it also and they sometimes fight over it. I recommend this toy for rainy days. It keeps them busy for hours. It's also very sturdy so it can be used for many more years.
"0", Too Loud: The speakers are right near the ears there is no volume control and the music is loud enough to deamage hearing. Save you money and your child's hearing and by the non-musical version.
"4", Great Product: Bought a plastic battery tester at the local auto parts store and it sucked. I took three readings back to back of the same cell and got three different results. Their is a reason glass hydrometers are the standard for commercial battery testing they work. In Aviation its all we use and in a pinch I though I could get away with the plastic CHEAPO. This works awesome. Gives great repeatable readings of the state of charge of the battery. Price was great shipping was FAST! I would buy this again in a heartbeat!
"0", Nope A Dope: Would not waste my time on this. I have decided to go for the EZ Red Hydrometer from now on (I have purchased quite a few EZ Reds since then). The glass broke because a small pebble accidentally fell on it. Way too fragile for my liking. And it does not 'suck up' like the EZ Red. It still works though. Please do not get me wrong.
"4", Vitamin C...you will see: undoubtedly my absolute favorite CAN record and one of my all time favorite records of all time. Ege Bamyasi is a desert island disc...one that you can't live without. one album that you want multiple copies of. every song is equally wonderful beautiful confusing amusing and confoundingly brilliant. how did this amazing album ever come to exist? it's beyond what you could ever expect or understand. an outstanding piece of art. highest recommendations all around.
"4", Excellent Album: I really liked this Can offering. I am not a big fan but was turned onto the band by seeing Radiohead cover one of their songs (the Thief) a few years ago. I like this album a little better than Tago Mago mainly because the form of the songs are a little more in line with the pop form. Don't get me wrong this band has little pop sensibility. Overall an interesting listen and you can really jam to track 6 "I'm so Green."
"4", The best thing that ever came from a can of okra shoots: Not quite as demented as "Tago Mago" or "Monster Movie" this is the album that made them stars in Germany. It's largely a continuation of the ideas pioneered in "Tago Mago" where the band was layering manifold drum rhythms intercut with sparse guitar buzzes eerie keyboard effects and ultra-minimalist bass throbs. All is topped off by the incomprehensible but compelling vocals of Damo Suzuki. And like "Tago Mago" this is still a good 20 years ahead of its time and has been stolen from by myriad artists who have taken credit for innovations that were not theirs. Can deserve to be far more well known than they are. Find out where your fave alternative artists REALLY stole their licks from and get your brain massaged in the bargain. Buy this CD.
"4", Can - 'Ege Bamyasi' (Mute): Originally released in 1972this was Can's fourth record as well as their follow-up to 'Tago Mago'(see my review).Some really superbly written and played cuts here to fully take in(might take several spins)are "Pinch"liked Michael Karoli's(R.I.P.)stellar guitar solosthe somewhat stunning "Vitamin C" and this reissue's lengthiest trackthe ten-minute "Soup".First rate German progressive kraut.After I listened to this CD a second timeI realized that 'Ege Bamyasi' may have very well been a heavy influence on later bands like Gary NumanPere UbuPublic Image Ltd. and Stereolab.Silly coverdon't you agree?
"4", Great place to start: Can will grow on you especially if you start here. It's a classic album that covers all sounds that Can could make. Tago Mago gets more focus mainly because its actually more inventive and pushes the envelope much farther. But "Vitamin C" has the rhythmic pulse of anything recorded in the 90's. When you get this move on to Tago Mago. Should belong to any collection.
"0", not for Mingus fans: I was recommend this because of a Mingus purchase I made but found this recording to be unexciting and made by people who don't seem to be particularly skilled.If you like the music here more power to you but no doubt the other reviewers are just preaching to the choir.If you like Mingus you don't belong here!
"4", f'in' hilarious(adults only): Great fun(adult only).Good clean dirty fun there is nothing gross or icky just stacked women and one funny protagonist.
"4", FUNNY ASS BOY: Golden boy is so funny. It's adult type funny but great video overall. There is not much to be said by me because the dvd speaks for itself.
"4", absolute must see: This is some of the funniest anime I have ever seen and I have seen more than my fair share. Any heterosexual red blooded male who likes anime will love this series. The innuendo and suggestive scenes are woven into the story in a perfectly hilarious fashion.The artwork is very true to the manga form and the emotional expressions of the characters are a joy to watch.The only downside to this series is that there are only 6 of them. However on the positive side since there are only 6 episodes it's easy to watch them all in one or two sittings. The cool thing is the last episode ties in to all of the previous ones and brings the story to a full circle but still leaving it open ended for our main character to continue on into new adventures.
"0", Good for a collection bad if it is the only anime you own.: ... This show has little in the view of a story and that fact that it is episodical makes it difficult for me to empathize with the main character whom I do not know because of a lack of background.This show sticks to a strict formula. The main guy gets a new Job meets a ...chick enchants her until she gets hot for him leaves job and never scores (probably a good thing).I think horney guys are funny. I love Urusei Yatsura but this show didn't do it for me and frankly the nipples in the first episode disturbed me. This is not one for the kiddies and not smart enough for the grownups.I give this 5 stars for dippy teenage fun.For me this Anime is right on level with Ruroni Kenshin Kite Cowboy Bebop Dominion Tank Police and Green legend Ran. It is a copy of better more original Anime.
"0", grief recovery workbook: helping you weather the storms of death divorce and overwhelming disappointments: much less helpful than desired. very christian outlook but not advertised as so. a real turn off for anyone who isn't a born again christian. i would never give this to any client who wasn't a committed christian. advice okay but not terribly helpful. not worth sending away for in my opinion (and i'm a born again christian).
"4", Good cable for what it is needed for: Several reviews here have discussed the increased quality of using these cables over the standard ones that come with the system. I personally haven't seen a huge difference. The biggest positive to these cables to me is the ability to take any old external PC monitor I have which only has a VGA input and turn it into a gaming screen. By taking the audio cables and putting them through one of the suggested Aux-L/R component converter and the female-female Aux cable (a combined value of like 5-6 dollars) I can use my PC or a set of speakers for the audio.For my needs that of taking a semi-useless external and giving it life as a gaming machine it is perfect.
"4", Worth it: Like I said it's worth the purchase for the quality of the product. My only gripe is that it being VGA it has slightly muddy colors in comparison to a true HD picture. Not a big deal to the average user though.
"4", Good product: Very happy with this cable does exactly what I wanted it for. The games look good on my monitor and it even came with a converter from rca audio to 1/8 headphone jack.
"4", It's a cable: Quick and to the point. This great product allows you to connect your Xbox 360 easily to just about any monitor. Slides right in the back and locks in with small tightening screws. Gets the job done.
"4", A very good cable: Well i have to say this is the best thing i ever have since the rgb connector but i used a 22 inches monitor and a 19 inch and it works great on both of them5/5 to methe only pro is that only is vga and not dvi-i stuff xD
"4", Worked as expected: Some people complained of colors looking "washed out" but it looks perfectly fine to me. Work great glad I bought it since I have an older Xbox 360 without an HDMI port and no TV around lol.
"4", great: its was perfect for me because i had a monitor and not a tvits works at higher resolution then the hdmi if you want it tothe only problem is the cable is quite fragile
"4", Good Cable but overpriced!: This is a good cable to hook up your Xbox to a computer monitor. I don't know why it's almost $40 here. I bought mine from Toys R us last week for $8. Yes I said $8. It wasn't used or damaged. Brand new and factory sealed.
"4", Works great: This cable works GREAT with my Samsung LCD 46" TV. I bought the TV because it had a VGA port and my XBox 360 is one without HDMI. I don't miss HDMI in the least because this cable does everything I need it to. Highly recommended.
"4", Yes please and then some.....: I received my vga cord and instantly worried about one of the pins being bent a little out of place. Luckily with the female to female adapter I havent had to unscrew the vga cord from it once. Just plug another vga into the other side and plug that end into my tv or monitor. This thing is a godsend. I have a perfectly good 19 inch wide-screen monitor on my desk not being used so it was just common sense to get this. The cord works perfect. No ghosting. No problems with video or audio. I do have a little beef with it though. The audio has no extension like the vga does with its adapter. So if you do have 2 vga's connected to each other the audio is still as short as it was so you have to hide a bunch of extra cord. It almost counters any reason to use 2 vga's together but not quite. Good product overall.
"0", Washed out on 1080p HDTV: I got this for use with the Xbox 360 HD DVD add on for my Samsung LNS4095D to get full 1080p but to my disappointment this cable vastly washed out the color on my set compared to the component cable which is bright and sharp. However it does upscale dvds fairly nicely with exceptoin of being slightly washed out blacks compared to component as well. Im not much of an audio/videophile type but even I can see the difference clearly.I guess I should have done more research as I have found out my set does not send the proper color output from the vga connection which is designated PC Vga. Either M$ provides an update for my set or I will try to return this expensive cable and stick to the component.
"4", VGA HD AV Cable: AWESOME SELLER!!!! Fast shipping cable works great. I'm gonna buy from them again!!!!!A++++++++++
"0", Not recommend: I plug this cable in the xbox and re-plug again and again in different inputs and the sound never appears !!!!
"4", Works: had no problems setting up my xbox to my VGA projector. A little bit of ghosting at higher resolutions as others mentioned but it doesnt bother me.
"4", Great for xbox Son was happy.: I purchased this tool for my son's xbox to be used with a extra monitor I had. Worked perfectly. I'm very happy about the cost was seriously lower than in stores. This cable put me in the kool mom's category.
"4", Exactly what it says it is: This certainly worked on my HP 2010i monitor and the price wasn't very demanding.All in all the quality wasn't what I expected but it definitely does its job of overpowering older television sets.
"4", must have for 1080p: i could not figure out why i could not receive 1080p. a friend of my read that i would need to get the PC in connector. once hooked up 1080p format starting showing.
"4", Gears of war 2: Very enjoyable even just on casual but if you want it's a challenge if you change the level. it's a great time spender
"0", Does what it says but I got a weird fuzz.: Not sure if the problem is my TV my Xbox 360 or both. But I bought this cable because I wanted to upres my DVDs and indeed it does work for that purpose. However the quality of the picture although slightly sharper than the composite cable got weird and fuzzy. Might have something to do with refresh rate I don't know.I returned the cable and am happy with my composite. I now use a HDMI DVD player to upres. They cost $50 on Amazon.
"4", Very good item !!: If you dont have a tv in your room this item would be the best  all you do is just plug it into your computer screen and speakers and your set to go and the graphics are HD (depends on your computer screen sometimes) its very easy for me to use it and when i want to use the computer i just switch the wires right back.
"4", women's shoes: These shoes became my girlfriends favorite they fit her perfect but the shoes took a while to get here.
"4", Li' Abner: Al Capp's characters went to Broadway then to Hollywood. Capp lost a leg in a trolley accident as a boy. His bitterness wraps itself in satire. The music is forgettable. My interest is Julie Newmar as Stupefyin' Jones. She is a secret weapon invented by Available Jones a metaphor for the atomic bomb. Jones unleashes her in the Sadie Hawkins Day race to stupefy men so the women of Dogpatch catch husbands. Newmar is devastating in seamed nylons. She was the sexiest woman in the history of women---5'11" 145 pounds. She was never an actress being cast in nonhuman roles. Ultimately she proved more than a body raising her son who was born with Down Syndrome. Li'l Abner is dated but still turns up on the stage. I saw it at the Derby Dinner Playhouse in Clarksville Indiana.
"4", Forgotten Comic Character Fun: Peter Palmer and Leslie Parrish are excellent in this fun politically skewering musical comedy. The songs are upbeat fun especially "Put Em Back" sung by the wives of the new muscle men who express no interest in their mates.
"4", Great Show: I can't believe that the gentleman above me wrote that this show was so disappointing after seeing it as a child. I saw it too and seeing it again made me like it even more!! I thought the acting was wonderful. It is a very simple play. I loved the music. I am a romantisist at heart and just loved it.
"4", Lil Abner Movie: Anyone who enjoys Musicals or the comic strip Lil Abner will enjoy this video. Larry
"4", CLASSIC MUSICAL!!: Lil'Abner is a fantastic musical which is pleasing to both children as well as adults! The movie plays like a comic strip/cartoon and is a must see for all fans of obscure family oriented musicals!Although I have never read any of the classic comic strips..the movie is still very cute!Movies like this are not made anymore! Highly recommended!!
"0", Where's the Music?: This 'musical' contains a dearth of great songs - "Jubilation T. Cornpone" being as good as they get. And I do mean 'dearth'.
"4", Lil' Abner: This movie changed my life. I now believe in God and God believes in (I tend to get tangential every now and again and go on and on and on and on)me. Why do I like this movie? Well I... What time is it? Six o'clock! Hey - What's for dinner? My favorite is poke chops jist like Lil'Abner and I wouldn't mind stupping Daisy Mae neither come to think of it. Stupefyin Jones however is an entirely other kettle of fish; as is Moonbeam McSwine Mammy all them ScraggsPappy and yes even Abner himself.(My wife made me say that. In fact she's tapping a big wooden spoon in her palm as we sp)
"0", Li'l Abner: I rate the DVD you sent me as poor. Li'l Abner plays a quarter of the way and then freezes up. I am trying it on a third DVD player and it freezes up in the same place as the first two players. How can I get my money back or a new copy of Li'l Abner?
"4", Very enjoyable film: Highly entertaining production featuring the various Al Capp characters portrayed very effectively. I especially appreciated Stella Stevens as Appasionata von Climax Stubby Kaye as Marrying Sam Julie Newmar as Stupifying Jones and Jamie Farrell (Klinger from Mash) as Evil Eye Fleegel.
"4", Hillbilly fun: Great Fun!! This classic film provides the definition of a hillbilly before the Beverly Hillbillies. An idealized view of backwoods mountain life vs. government intrusion.
"4", Li'l ABNER: This film is a nestolgic musical that brings me back to my youth the film offers a bit of fun to everyday life. The story line is a bit corney where a town - Dogpatch USA is scheduled to be a test site for atomic weapons unless there can be found a usefullness for the town. The introduction of a tonic that makes men handsome and strong while at the same time decreasing their virility was thought to be cause to save the town - Dogpatch USA. I do not want to reaveal the end but this musical while predictive and the songs may not meet up to todays standards is fun jubalient and enjoyable and yes fit for children.
"4", Li'l Abner review: MOISHE DAYAN & LIL ABNERI was born 3 years after this movie was produced. I remember first seeing it in b&w; (not rich enough for a color tv) as a child and was enthralled.Later (in my early twenties) I saw the last half of this movie (in color!) and was enthralled all over again.The characterizations and musical numbers are spot on and one can sense the eagerness of the actors to get it right. Try searching YouTube for Lil Abner and see if this movie's right for you too!
"4", Cute for the time and a great musical for high school kids.: I've seen this musical about 3 times. Once when I was about 8 and then 2 more times as an adult. When I was a Junior in High School my chorus did this musical. I played the part of Pappy Yokem. We all fell in love with the musical because our cast fit the parts perfectly. I think this musical is a classic because Lil' Abner was a very popular comic strip while I was growing up and the movie version captured each character as close to the comic strip as possible.
"4", Must See for Li'l Abner Fans: This is great because it is so unpretentious-- a crowd pleasing musical farce based on Al Capp's popular comic strip. The gorgeous 50's pin-up style women are especially true to their source (and Julie Newmar really earns the name "Stupefyin' Jones"). Leslie Parish makes a luminous Daisy May and Peter Palmer is the biggest brawniest baritone Abner you could imagine. Mammy and Pappy are also great but the weirdest impersonation has got to be Eagle-Eye Fleagle-- that guy moves like a cartoon! The plot is as kooky as one of Capp's Sunday half-page strips. Kind of corny but lively with very athletic dancing by various hillbilly-clad young Broadway performers. The only flaw is its stagey-ness and flat lighting with multiple shadows on the studio floor. Still with Gen. Bullmoose Marryin' Sam (Stubby Kaye) Mooshine McSine the Scraggs and a lot of plot convolutions it is a very satisfying fable.
"0", Lil Abner - Amazon instant video: As described - instant download - I was led to believe that I could download the film onto a DVD or such then watch it on my television. However that was not the case and the file is kept on an AMAZON server where I can watch it whenever I like. That being said I would also question the quality of the video resolution as compared to a pre-recorded DVD which I took out of the library the library copy being much better. Next time I purchase a film I'll be sure to check if it is actually being downloaded to me or just to my AMAZON account.
"0", I didn't get it. Now what?: This is very interesting.DVD or the movie L'l Abner but did not complete the order. It turned out that it was not a DVD as originally advertised but a form of streaming vidio that required a restriced viewing software download.I cancelled the order online and by phone therefor it's not possible to review the item.Do you want a review of Amazon?
"4", Awe-inspiring!: A must buy! I have already watched this movie twice and it gives me goose bumps. It teaches so many important lessons but the one that stands out the most is determination. An awesome group of ladies accomplished a very impressive feat despite setbacks in their lives. I loved it so will you!
"4", Much much more than a skydive: This is a must-see for anyone who wonders "how did they do that?" and "why did they do that?" and who wants to know alternative offerings about breast cancer awareness prevention and detection. This is NOT a film that brags about a world-record skydive completion. It's about the heart and soul of the skydiving participants. It's about breast cancer survivors. It's about awareness and prevention. It will hold your attention until the very end.
"4", Great twist of comedy: Alan Ball who also happens to be the autor of American Beauty is amazing. His writing in Five Women is so incredible. It brings a contrast between characters who all have the same feeling about the wedding. Each one of the five women has a very defined personality and is funny and witty at the same time! A fantastic play that my theatre company is thinking about doing.
"4", Five Women is a non-stop laugh.: I've seen a production of Alan M. Ball's Five Women Wearing the Same Dress at a local community theatre and was high impressed. Ball has a very distinct writing style that underneath all the laughs there is some kind of twisted mass of drama that is not always viewable throughout the script. On top of that drama neatly and strategically placed is a laugh-fest of comedy. Five Women... encompasses all aspects of this. A truely wonderful show and script.
"0", There are better plays for women: The publication itself is good but the play is not! Its dated and not Alan Ball's best. There are better scripts for women.
"4", A very good collection: One reader seems to have been expecting old tales even though the title says: "Modern Japanese Stories". Actually I would warn some that this is a collection of 20th century writers and only up to 1975. Some were born earlier but their main out put was in the 20th century. So they are indeed modern but not recent.This said it is an excellent collection of well chosen and well translated short stories. I had read novels by some of these authors some I didn't know at all. It was all interesting and I found several particularly good.To me modern Japanese writers are just as worthy of interest as the ancient past of Japan.
"4", A bit of a confusing read....: In reading this book I expected more traditional tales with a moral at the end but these seem to me to wander about and leave one wondering what they just read. I am sure they are rich in Japanese lore but for a westerner they can be daunting. Still a good read overall and it gave me a view into this ancient culture.
"4", You Did Good!: This item took a little longer then expected but I got it it was in great shape and I am very happy with this book. It was definitely the right price and I couldn't be happier with the book. There was very limited highlighting and it looked good compared to the type of book it is. My last book like this fell apart in about one weeks use. Thanks alot!
"4", Very helpful!: I'm taking my first semester of classes towards a paralegal certificate and even though I've just started using this book as a supplement to my coursework I've noticed it's helped me retain a lot of information! The chapters are clearly organized and easy to read and it doesn't take much time to do the enclosed exercises. I've found that by the time I finish the exercise for each chapter I can come up with terms I didn't know an hour ago by their definition alone. I'm really glad I went with my instructor's recommendation and bought this book!:)
"0", unsatisfied: so far i don't have any good experience since this book was never delivered. i have been charge for it and i have email to seller and amazon for explanation however i have not receive any respond yet since last week or so 10-3-08. This book should be delivered no later than 9/30/08 and hasn't arrived yet. no money back and no book
"0", Not Happy: "I still have yet to open the package". The address was printed in a way that the post office could not deliver the book. I was late with my first assignments and havn't caught up yet. I bought a new book finally from the book store.I need to contact the seller as this is a second party sellerI have received items from Amazon no problem with the address listed. I can't figure out how the seller used an address that caused the book to bounce around undilervable not happy...A C
"4", Easy to understand eye opener: This book is easy to read - and should open most peoples eyes a bit more...It describes how we (mankind) uses external representations to assist our brains - from writing to diagrams to maps to the way we build our offices.If you want a deeper psychological understanding with which you can do your own reasoning on different types of external representation - get this book. If you want clear-cut guidelines - get another book.If you like this book - try Normans: The Design of Everydaythings as well. You might like Donald Schns The Reflective Practitioner also.Last word: Norman seems to prefer easy reading to structure - which means the book is best read end-to-end.
"4", I read I like I recommend: As a student at the University of California San Diego the native school of Dr. Donald Norman I had the good fortune of reading Things That Make Us Smart as a textbook. I can now truthfully say that this has been the ONLY textbook that I enjoyed reading and in fact looked forward to reading. Norman is a witty and clever writer - he uses humor so subtly that it feels as if someone is tickling you throughout the book and though you don't burst out laughing you have a really good time. Through his humor Norman conveys a very important message about technology and human interaction with it - with outstanding examples to which anyone can relate he clearly explains how we have shaped and can shape our environments to in fact make us smart.
"4", Def Comedey Jam: All 11 Episoda is off the hook!: I allways love Def Comedy Jam the All 11 Episoda is off the hook do need to say more. this was a treat to my self because I love comedy. in since I purches a new porable DVD player on Amazon.com that very nice in a wonderful price I could not get at that price any where else I know I shop around. Well I decide I would start a collection of comedy in Def Comedy Jam All 11 Episoda was first on my list in happy with my choice .The price is nice shipping very fast. If you like comedy like I do then this is for in if you not sure give it a try any way you won't be soory ! THANK YOU !
"0", Not for everyday use. Will not hold up.: Stanley 47-483 100 FatMax Xtreme Chalk Box 2 Piece Set with 4 oz Bottle of Stanley Red ChalkI do layout all day every day and have been through many chalk boxes. This box looks cool and someone came up with some good ideas for features but durability was not one of them. I have two of these boxes. The first I used for six hours before the line broke. I had to order replacement line because it is not stocked at any local store. I purchased another box while waiting for replacement line. The second box jammed up before delivery of the replacement line. After replacing line in both boxes they lasted a total of 5 days before they both were jammed up and inoperable. This product would be OK for homeowner use but not for a pro.
"4", Bear is the best: I gave this dvd to my nephew and he kissed me for it. He's three yrs old and he loves Bear. He has alot of Bear dvd's but he didn't have this one. He smiled and wouldn't let go of the case the dvd comes in.
"4", Adorable!: Absolutely darling. My young son adores Bear. It's educational full of songs and teaches kids that being different is fun and that being different is what makes us special. Bear and friends are great with kids. I recommend for anyone with young children.
"4", Bear=Everybodys Special: Bought this movie for my 3 yr old granddaughter. She really likes this one. she enjoys singing with characters. She and I can discuss Luna Pip and Pop. Thanks for providing clean fun educational programs.Would recommend this for any toddler.
"4", GREAT PAIR OF BINOCULARS: Just returned from out west from Yellowstone Zion BryceArches National Parks. These binoculars made veiwing animals and sites as good as it gets. Highly recommend them. No problems at all.
"0", Great content.....pitiful resolution !!!!!: I had very high hopes for the Hendrix footage but was sadly disappointed in the quality of the video. It should not be called "bluray". It gives the buyer the idea like the resolution is 1080P. The video is grainy and pathetic. The content is great but the quality of the disc is pathetic. Don't buy this for a high quality video concert...you will be sadly disappointed. Buy it for content only.
"4", Much better than I expected: For those who want to understand the process that led eventually to the Holocaust.
"0", How Use Laws of Mind by Joseph Murphy: The book arrived highlighted in yellow and orange.The seller did not say the book was highlighted or marked up.I complained to him.He told me to return the book to him at my expense.I complained to Amazon.Amazon refunded my money.This is why I have dealt with Amazon since they began selling books.
"4", Does What it's supposed to: Connected my antennae to the car just fine. Has a nice snug fit which doesn't come out easily. (which is good because my radio slipped and this was all that held it in place)
"4", Neccessity: This product works great. It is a must have for connecting your Vibe antenna to an aftermark radio. Easy to install and works great with my HD radio.
"0", Beautiful.... but: This piece is beautiful if you are not going to use it. When you receive this package the instructions will say do not wash just wipe down. Try wiping down oil. I gently wash it last night well aware of the beautiful handpainted motif. Well pieces of paint started falling off. Eventually I think I'm going to be left with two clear bottles in a nice base. I received this piece free so it really doesn't bother me that much. What I would hate is someone paying good money for this and having the paint fall off. Buyer beware
"4", Perfect Fit: The product arrived in good condition and fit my 2003 Corrolla perfectly. Be very careful taking the springs off !!!
"0", Don't waste your time and money please.: I had no expectations for this film. I just wanted a no brainer action flick with some good looking women in it. (WARNING - spoilers ahead) The story which was the strongest part of the film dissapointed me in the end when you find out the main heroine used to be a man who was deeply in love with main villain (also a man). Once this was revealed I began to lose interest in the female lead actress. The action was slow boring and when the end of the movie finally came I breathed a sigh of relief and gave the dvd away and I have certainly not missed it.I have to say this though if you want to see something different and are not just in it for the girls and violence this might be and intersting movie for you. Like I stated the story is the strong point its the acting pace and action which just doesn't hold up.
"4", It's A Great Jewel Show!!!: This is a great example of how fantasic Jewel really is. It shows us the talent of Jewlel and her musicians.Plus it is a great Jewel show and the songs she has chosen are fantasic as well. Live At Humphrey's is definitily worth buying if you ask me.
"4", JEWEL LIVE AT HUMPHEY'S BY THE BAY : Excelente concierto de la "joya" para aquellos que gusten de este estilo musical.: Para todos aquellos amantes de la musica country aqui tienen un buen plato con la joya JEWEL actuando acompaada primero por si misma con su guitarra y luego por un grupo muy acoplado les recomiendo este Dvd.
"4", Mickey Mouse's custom: My 2 years-old son loves Mickey Mouse so when he saw this custom he was so excited he could barely talk! He couldn't believe his eyes! Besides I ordered it only two weeks before his "Mickey-Mouse" theme birthday party and the delivery was perfect! It got here in only 5 business days.
"4", best dam shoes ever: My feet and arches were hurting a lot. After a few days in your shoes the pain went away. Whenver my feet start to ache I wear the shoes and they feel much better. Excellent support and comfort I also bought 1/2 size larger and wear thicker sox. I will probably buy them again. Great quality for the money.
"4", I live in these shoes.: I live in these shoes. I have problem feet and have a great deal of trouble finding comfortable shoes. Saucony walking shoes are the best fitting and most comfortable shoes I have found. My only gripe is that just as I find a model I particularly like Saucony drops it to introduce new (and not always improved) models. I like the Grid Instep 3 not only because of its fit but also because it was made in black as well as white. Stark white shoes look rather out of place with winter wool slacks or jeans.
"4", A good follow up..to a good series.: This really was a very entertaining series. Very readable. Again well written easy to follow and very entertaining. This in my opinion is probably the best of the series.
"4", The King Maker: This was a birthday gift to my daughter. She was very thrilled with the King Maker. The book is about the champion horse Northern Dancer. It arrived for her birthday on time and in good condition. Thank you for making this happen. It is wonderful when you can give a gift that is pleasing to the receipiant.
"4", Jack is back: I was pleasantly surprised when the package arrived. The package stated Extra Large for the size but some reviews said it would be ok for a large child. I am 6'2" and just over 200#'s and the costume fit like a glove. As others commented the mask is folded in the package and the crease is difficult to work with. I blew up a 12" balloon in the mask and used a hair dryer on it a few times. I left the balloon in the mask for a few days and the crease is minor and hardly noticeable. Now to find a pair of tux pants to go with the jacket...
"0", A waste of money: This costume was cheap so thats the positive thing about it. The negatives are that it is cheap. The mask is unusable because the way they package it causes it to be wrinkled and not spherical. The mask is also hot and hard to hear in.
"0", Gold Rush Alaska: The inept and clueless invade Alaska! Is this a comedy? A drama? Its a scripted docudrama starring Todd and Jack Hoffman former slumlord motel owners from Sandy OR. They round up a band of their hillbilly friends and bankrolled by Discovery head north to gold mine and end up losing their shirts. If you like bad acting obvious scripted melodrama and more silly nonsense than a 3 Stooges movie you'll love these clueless hillbilly buffoons as they try and convince us they're sincere about finding gold. Its one crisis after another with Todd dragging his 400 pound frame around the mine site like an Alaskan bear rooting for its next meal in the camps garbage cans. If this series doesn't make you laugh so hard your sides hurt something is wrong with you.
"0", Please Wilderness..... Swallow them Up: A bunch of incompetent Yahoos go out digging in the woods. Its really as simple as that. Aload of twerps get some money together decide to go to alaska and try to mine Gold..... Very Unsuccessfully. If there was a competition between The sea shepherd crew of WHALE WARS and the Hoffman crew on GOLD RUSH over which bunch of morons were the most incompetent the Hoffmans would win by miles. It was cringe worthy to watch especially the patriarch of the group  the father.... There's a Certified Fool if ever there was one.We all know there's bears in alaska don't we so if we were setting up camp we'd take a gun or two for protection.... But 47???? What are they thinking??? Complete and utter Yahoos..... And why the hell did they bring their kids up there.... Watch it... Even just one episode it will make you happy to know that even on your worst day you will be more intelligent than any of these guys on their best day.
"0", This show stinks: These guys are stupid. This show is so scripted..more so then other simular shows. I didn't know the north west had hillbillys but apparently they do. I am glad it was only $5.35 because I was able to check it out and now I can sell it on ebay for 3/4 of what I paid hopefully. I am trashing it on here but when I sell it on Ebay I am going to be playing it up so maybe someone will buy it.
"0", Much better if you mute the sound: If you enjoy an endless stream of platitudes cliches and banal bromides that pass for hillbilly wisdom you will really enjoy this show.
"4", DVD: This item arrived on time as described. It was purchased as a gift for a friend who is a great fan of the show & he loved it !
"0", 5 spice it is not: This product is 95% cinnamon. Not a true 5 spice which is more an equal parts blend. The cinnamon is so overpowering it is unusable. Would NOT purchase again.
"0", Ever heard of Dead Can Dance?: I'm a huge fan of Arcana and I own all of their recordings. I was very excited that they'd come out with a new CD. This CD is nothing like any of their previous music. Gone are the kettle drums church bells and Gregorian chant-like vocals. This new CD sounds extremely similar to Dead Can Dance. Although I am a Dead Can Dance fan and own all of their recordings as well I've grown rather bored with their sound and was disappointed to see Arcana emulating a style that's been around for over two decades and is on it's way out in my humble opinion.Still if you've never heard Dead Can Dance before and aren't burned out on the whole middle-eastern belly dance street bazar ambient thing then this may be just the CD for you. In typical Arcana style it is well produced and is filled with great musical imagery.
"0", Poor Performer: I was spoiled by my last mixer which lasted for 25 years had 7 speeds and beaters that stayed in the housing. This mixer does not have enough variable speeds and is too powerful even on low speeds. So powerful that the batter flies all over the kitchen and the beaters come out of the housing. I usually like Cuisinart products but will never buy another hand mixer made by them. I use my Kitchen Aid stand mixer instead.
"0", Good while it works: Ours worked well for two years; recently however one of the beaters has stopped turning reliably--the (plastic?) gears inside seem to have stripped. Since warranty service is 1/3 the whole cost of a new unit we will probably try our luck with another brand.
"4", Power and value: This mixer is great and for $30 a steal. It's powerful -- making cookie dough is no problem -- and well-designed including an air intake-output system (which is what makes the front look like a jet engine). The only issue has been noted by others -- there's no "very low" speed and you can't massage it into one (like on a Kitchen Aid stand mixer) so the lowest speed is 1/3 of max power which is still pretty powerful! That means some splattering unless you're using a deep bowl but it's not much contribution to the mess I make anyway.
"4", Alot of power: This mixer has a little too much power for my needs. Even at its lowest setting the batter flies all over.
"4", It mixes: This is a strong no frills mixer that does what a mixer should. It has none of those silly attachments that just clutter up the kitchen drawers and the 3 speeds you actually use. Perfect.
"0", too strong: I have been very excited about making cupcakes and frosting lately and so bought a handy dandy hand held mixer. Nothing was wrong with the item except that it performed much too strongly than needed. I am only using it to mix my frosting and blend in ingredients. Bits of everything fly off and I am left with frustration and a messy kitchen. This is a big disappointment and maybe a cheaper model with a low setting would have sufficed.
"0", Too powerful!: This mixer is a great price however all 3 speeds are too powerful. The low setting is pretty much non-existant. I can't soften butter on the lowest speed without it splattering all over my kitchen. For serious cooking I'd recommend you purchase a different mixer.
"4", Powerfull Mixer...: This mixer is much more powerful than the older one I had for years. What can you say about a mixer 3-speeds does the job. Besides having a strong motor it operates like my old one. The 3-speed starts off slow and can power blend cold butter without a problem. Used correctly it doesn't splatter any more than my old one. Other Reviewers have stated that the blades don't stay in the unit. Well this mixer has a separate left and right blade. They are each slightly different and when you put them in correctly you will hear a slight click. This click is the locking mechanism. It is all explained in the instruction booklet. Time will tell if it can hold up like my trusty old one that one day just disappeared -- those kids!
"0", Don't Buy: I have had this mixer for a little over 2 years. I have used it very little during the time I have owned it. The speeds on this mixer are fast and faster. There is no setting to allow you to mix in dry items. It is a very powerful hand mixer so it is very good at making fluffy frostings. Last night I was mixing a cream cheese frosting (after stirring in the powdered sugar with a different mixer since you would be wearing it if not)the cuisinart mixer stalled and then quit all together. This was an expensive mixer and I expected to have it for a long time. My $5.00 Wal-Mart Black Friday sale mixer is older and more durable than this mixer was and for a fraction of the price. I am going to read reviews and search for a new hand mixer but it will not be a Cuisinart.
"4", Nice :): Bought this for my mother this Christmas. I don't really know too much about it but she says she likes it a lot. She doesn't use it too frequently but when she needs it she tells me that it's pretty much perfect. And I say it's pretty much perfect too especially for the price I paid for it!Haven't had issues with it. She says the speeds are just fine not too agressive at all as long as you keep your mixer in the bowl when you turn it on. It won't splash batter everywhere if you also have a large enough bowl to mix in. But I'll assume that being obvious isn't what some of these reviews would have you think..Good buy overall!
"0", Not an all-purpose hand mixer: This hand mixer probably would be great if I were making bread or something that needed the power that it delivers but I am not. Unfortunately the low speed is just too fast and I am going to either return it or sell it. When I try and pre-mix sugar and butter I just make a mess because the low speed flings the mixture around the kitchen. It seems well constructed but I tend to think that hand mixers should be versatile and this one is not. I am going to purchase a mixer with more speeds for finer control.
"4", Light easy to clean and efficient!: I really needed a mixer for my pancakes and muffins and this does the job. Its compact with 3 possible speeds. Sometimes I even beat the eggs in a small bowl at the low setting. I really love how easy and simple it is and its fairly powerful. Also another positive is how easy it is to eject the whisks and clean it. Highly recommended!
"4", Love this little red mixer!: After struggling for a couple of years with an inexpensive underpowered hand mixer hoping that its motor wouldn't catch fire with the next batch of cookie dough I got smart and decided to try this little Cuisinart. For the price it can't be beat. Both pretty and powerful it should last through many many batches of cookies.
"0", Poor mixer: I don't know why people are giving this product such rave reviews. It was working fine for awhile. But the beaters got bent just by putting them in my dishwasher and now the beater sprays anything in a bowl all over the kitchen literally. I've been talking to the company and trying to get them to replace the beaters which they said they'd do. But so far no sign and they haven't responded to my emails.My advice would be to not buy this beater. Sacrifice a little money and get something that will last and work.
"0", terrible customer service: If you want to get a migraine and be stuck without a mixer for the holidays this would be the company that you would order from. It is now january 18th and i have yet to receive the mixer or refund on the purchase of this product. i have called and called and called jr electronics and to no avail i still havent received a refund for this product.
"0", Less than great: This unit does not satisfy a hand mixer requirement. Low speed should be listed as high. Unit does not allow for foulding or low speed blending.
"4", Hand mixer: Came in record time for the holiday. Very good brand my niece used it immediately and loves it. Would order again!
"4", Awesome product: I love cuisinart and this hand mix blender is super easy to use. I use it to blend cake batters and it works great. Its very powerful and I love the color red.
"4", Good Product: I found this product of very good quality and easy to use. I had one prior but it was so old it couldn't run any longer. Found this to be a great replacement
"4", Great video!: This is a great video for churches libraries and families to have in their collection. It explains things in very simple terms and is a great way to start a conversation about this topic.
"4", a good compilation: This is probably the best compilation that I have heard. I have been a faithful ELP fan since the 1970's and have bought most if not all of the releases. The excerpts from the California Jam are worth the cost of this CD. This was probably one of their best performances when everything was firing on all cyclinders as they say. The releases from a smaller label company such as this one seem to be better than releases from the major companies. Anyway the California Jam stuff most notably Toccatta have excellent sound quality and make this CD a must buy for the avid ELP fan.
"4", Great!: I really like Billy Zane.I think he is not noticed enough.One of the things I enjoyed about this movie was the intense bond that grew between him and Mimi in one night.The Mimi Rodgers character never really revealed her motivations. Interesting.
"4", An excellent overview of Confucius' life and philosophy: Clements brings the 2500 year-old philosopher teacher and statesman to life. He also provides maps and timelines to put it into perspective and make visualization easier. It's a short easy and enjoyable read spliced with words of wisdom from the Analects. In essence we are all here to do certain jobs and should do them to the best of our abilities and not disrupt the social order. He was very enlightened for his time in that he felt jobs should be obtained by merit and not birth. He came up with the idea of imperial exams to make accession fair. Perhaps it would be expecting too much for a philosopher who lived 2500 years ago but his idea of equality and a level playing field didn't extend to women. This is left out of the book. It's a well documented biography and the writing is good.
"0", Prepare to be scammed: I was very excited I was going to be getting this CD for my birthday and I was expecting the REAL 11-track Origin yet when it came I was very disappointed. It was OF COURSE the 19 track bootleg and I was able to tell just by looking at the front cover because it was an ugly skull design instead of the original one. I even tried listening to it but nearly all of the tracks were either burned or out of order. I should've known better than to take such a risk so I'll end this by saying BUY THE MP3s you can't get ripped off then!
"0", Bootleg: Is CD is definitely bootleg it is VERY obvious. It has a brown hue David hodges is spelt wrong poor music quality and etc. But when you think about it do you really think that the original origins would sell for $35-60!! But if you want to tae the risk go for it! I just think that it is a ripoff it is too expensive and is a BOOTLEG for crying out loud!:(
"4", 19 track and 11 track editions are both great: This Album is Awesome! I have both the 19 track edition and 11 track . The 19 track edition is indeed factory pressed and legit. The 11 track Origin is the one listed here. The 19 track edition is almost completely different with a much more gothic look to it. The album has some really good alternate versions on it. It is much darker than Fallen and The Open Door. Awesome CD!
"4", Darker but better: Before I start this review I'd like to say that the very fact that this CD is barely known and kind of went 'Under the radar" whereas Fallen became quite famous is a true shame. I guess people heard how dark the CD is and got scared that Evanescence was a bunch of super depressed kids when that is simply not the case. If you get their DVD you will see that they are actually quite goofy at times but that's besides the point. This CD is much darker than Fallen but a lot better in my opinion. Whisper My Immortal and Lies are 3 of my favorite tracks and the opening is truly artistic and it grabs you and pulls you in.
"4", Awsome: I have enjoyed this band since I was 12 (I am 22 now) and this CD has not changed that opinion. I enjoy hearing the "beta" versions of the cuple of songs played on newer CDs and comparing the two. Personally I think the older versions are better but others may disagree. If you like this band or any similar bands you should get this CD if you have the chance.
"4", Absolutely amazing: Evanescence is my favorite band This cd is a demonstation of the ability that this band can vary style and produce amazingness. This cd goes from nu metal to goth  and hard core to light rock yet all the songs are first class
"0", Buy at your own risk: People do not buy this product you can just as easily download the song from the internet even evanescence said they would rather us the fans download the songs than buy the albums and we don't even know if the one your going to buy is a fake or not so don't take that risk just download the songs from itunes or whatever.
"4", Ultimate Twain biography.: Wordy in places but still the best most comprehensive biography of Samuel Clemens.
"0", range is horrible: the range on this product is horrible. i bought it thinking i was getting a good deal because it was [failry inexpensive] after rebate but its not worth the headache. i can hardly keep a connection with the router at the bottom of the stairs and the usb adapter at the top (40 feet tops) and only one wall in between. if you're planning on staying in the same room as your router its probably a good deal.
"0", Not AOL DSL Compatible: I just bought this product and found out that it is not compatible with AOL DSL. I wish this fact was put on the product tech specs. It would have saved me a lot of headache.
"4", Excellent Product especially for the price!!!: In my experience both Linksys and Netgear provide terrific value for your money in the home networking arena. However Netgear's products are usually of higher quality... ie metal cases fall-back access to try re-uploading firmware updates if they fail (instead of just having to send the router back for a replacement) more onboard memory etc. Don't get me wrong though... Linksys is also very good however in the quality of their hardware I'd have to give Netgear the edge at least in most of their routers. Anyway I've had my Netgear MR314 for about 4 months and couldn't be happier with it! Often people without at least SOME networking etc. background knowledge fault the router for a myriad of problems... that probably accounts for at least half the negative reviews here.
"0", Very Poor Range: Purchased the MR 314 and the PCI adapter/PC Card ( 301/401)and noticed that the signal strength is usually in the POOR to FAIR range when the computer was 50 - 60 feet away from the router.I sincerely recommend that you consider another product.
"0", Very Poor Reception: After two hours on hold one hour each time and two hours on the phone I finally returned the unit for full refund. Why don't they tell you in the literature that the router must be in the highest room and the satellite down one floor. I never found that out until the end of my talk with one of the technicians about 1AM in the morning. If I had known this I would not have bothered to try and go wireless as I would have had to reinstall my dsl modem. Some of the techs seemed knowlegable but the wait time is as bad as I have ever experienced trying to get a tech. I'm going hardwire but not with Netgear because of the frustration of contacting tech support.
"0", Nice but the range is much less than advertised.: Setting up the router and the USB adapter (MA101) was easy. First I tested with the two computers in the same room. It worked great with "Excellent" signal strength. I then moved computer 1 with the router 40 feet (two rooms) away in my house. The indicated signal strength dropped to "Poor" (1 or 2 out of 5 bars). Transfer speed was still good though--plenty fast enough for DSL communication. However when the signal was poor dropouts could occur. Then when I moved the router downstairs 60 feet away the adapter was NEVER able to connect. Worst yet whenever the MA101 was plugged in while no signal or the signal was lost it hung Windows (XP). And the computer must be reset!It simply does not have the transmission range that I needed-I returned the products.
"0", issues with Earthlink DSL but works fine with SBC Yahoo!: My brother got this for his Earthlink DSL. It never quite worked right. (Both of us took a look at it.) The connection would work for a few minutes and then disconnect. To reconnect you had to go through the setup again. This was quite annoying for general web browsing. However it just won't work with internet gaming.I had an older Linksys router w/o wireless and swapped with him. The Netgear works fine with my broadband service (SBC Yahoo!) I can VPN to work without any problems. The wireless works fine too.As for my brother's Earthlink connection the Linksys router is as steady as a rock.I gave it 2 stars instead of 1 because it does seem happy with my SBC Yahoo! connection. If given a choice I'd stick with Linksys.
"4", Perfect Router for the Home or Office: The best thing about this router is that it supports VPN over wireless... Can easily kick back at the pool and connect to my work's VPN... I do not even have to go into the office [anymore]... It is a great choice for any computer professional who wants to work from home. Anyone can set it up in under 10 minutes... In addition very hard to hack into... +++
"4", Wonderful It is very easy to install and configuration.: I am so impressed by this product. I use JVC cable modem Netgear MR314 Wireless Cable/DSL Router  and SMC wireless PC cards. They are working very well for each other. I just took half an hour to set up all of them. This product is good for people who want to have a network at home in both wired and wireless environment.
"0", Netgear Nightmare!: This Netgear router will lose its connection often to wirless cards in computers that have Netgear wireless cards. After ten months in servicethe tranmitting mode went out.Called customer service for a RMA number(required) and told to hold for 55 minutes. Never got through! Buy another brand!
"0", disappointing: we're constantly needing to reboot this gadget after it declines to transmit packets. we suspected the dhcp server but switching to static addresses didn't fix it. it clicks all the time. why? it's powered by a wallwart. what is clicking? the o/s is pathetic. the u/i poor. contrary to an earlier reviewer (who probably didn't rtfm) it does offer a firewall which runs entirely steath (checked against dslreports and grc).still we won't buy another netgear box after this shoddy experience.
"4", Super easy setup!: I installed this model and connected my PC directly to one of the switched ports. Then installed a Netgear PCI card with the Netgear Wireless PCMCIA card on my daughter's PC. Within 5 minutes their PC was talking on the net. It's running at 11mbs and hasnt' given me a single problem. Highly recommended.
"0", Bad reception: So much for the miracles of wireless. In order to get reception on my laptop you basically have to be in the same room as the router. In my bedroom (only 40 feet away from the router) reception is poor or non-existent. According to tech support (nearly impossible to understand through a thick accent) I should be happy to get at least 30 feet inside a house. The great range advertised by this product only occurs in a laboratory. In a real house you'll be cursing yourself for buying this product.
"0", Worst support ever: They say that they have 24x7 support.But when I called phone support I had to hang up after being on hold for 45 minutes. And it was the most annoying hold I've ever been on - "please wait while your call is being routed" repeated over and over and over again every couple seconds.Their web support is useless for the problems I'm having with port forwarding - one of the more advanced features.I'm getting no answers to my email support inquiries.
"0", Fustrated user: I purchased the Netgear wireless router and wireless PCI card. The wireless PCI card worked perfectly out of the box. I wish I could say the same for the router.I took three calls to technical support to finally figure out that the router was defective. It could not sychronize the cable modem's signal. The worst part of my experience was the wait time for technical support. I literally had to wait an average of 45 minutes each time I called technical support.I returned the unit and purchased Linksys' wireless router. It worked fine right out of the box.
"0", Not so sure..: Unfortunately this router loses the connection to my cable modem quite often. I need to reboot the router for it to renew the upstream internet connection - though the downstream connection to my wireless laptop(Netgear MA401) is always excellent.Apart from that - very easy setup great signal strength and link quality all around the house and an excellent price.. too bad the upstream connection is so unreliable.I'll return this router tomorrow.
"0", Range was limited to the same room: This item did not work out for me - range was limited to a single room within my house. Returned.
"0", Poor preformance: I am very disappointed with this product. I could not get it to work. The directions were not included (a CD ROM) but I found them online. A computer geek could not even get it to work. Not Recommended by me!
"0", Doesnt work for most wifi requiring things: I have this and it only works for my Wii and Dsi but not Dsi games. I cant get it to work on my iPod touch and its very slow. On my iPod touch it says it has 3 bars but it doesnt connect. I would say you get a differrent router.
"0", It's just OK: I purchaced this router because we share DSL between 4 computers in our house and we didn't want to run wires all over the place.The router works well and we've used it for everything from surfing the net sharing files between computers and a little LAN gaming action.When I use this router however sites that you must log into such as Hotmail or E-bay don't work very well. The router has some issues dealing with these types of sites and it always takes me a couple tries to get the websites to work. It's pretty annoying. Other than that it works fine.
"0", Terrible Router go for Linksys: This router has many problems. First of all the admin page does not work with internet explorer because of errors in the internal javascript code. The tech tried to blame it on IE instead. Second it keeps dropping connection and having to get reset. It wasted a lot of my time. I set up a similar network but with Linksys and it works great. I recomment that you don't buy this
"4", Easy on Mac: Hooked it up to my Mac G4 tower via ethernet and also using an Orinoco wireless PC card with it for my Powerbook G3. Not pretty on the outside but works great.
"0", ok unless using vpn pass-through for 2+ clients: Initial setup was pretty easy. My only issue is I was not able to get more than 1 client to work w/vpn pass-through at the same time. I called their help desk and they gave me a suggestion and said that sometimes it works and sometimes it doesn't. I wasn't really able to try their suggestion because I got an error. (they said to map the ports to both ip's which it didnt like) I just switched to a d-link 614+ and I'm now able to have 2 clients use vpn at the same time. Also I would've liked some more security options on the mr314.
"0", Thumbs down on security and customer support: I agree with many of the other customer's comments for this wireless router: it is fairly simple to setup and it does work as advertised. However I feel many of the customers have failed to consider one key feature that the MR314 lacks: SECURITY. This brand offers very little in regards to securing your wireless network. There is no way to view a log of successful or failed connections from wireless clients. Almost all other brands have this ability.My particular router locks up after 8-9 day of use and requires a cold boot. Although this may be a bug in the current firmware that might be corrected in the next version. I've spoken with Netgear's technical support dept and their level of knowledge is no higher than someone who has read the quick install guide for this router.
"0", worthless investment: The router portion of this device works great and setup on a LAN is easy. However the wireless feature fails at least 5 times per day and must be rebooted by unplugging the unit (there is no power switch). I called their technical support and they told me to return it to the place I bought it. At least they were honest: this is a worthless investment if you want wireless capability.
"4", When An Author Creates A Completely New Genre...: What happens? Some don't get it and others do. I agree wholeheartedly with Amazon.com's reviewers here insofar as the absolute wonder of these "essays" that are travel guides but not really the kind you would compare with a road map. This is great literature - along with its humor savvy sophistication and most importantly its understanding that America (albeit the beautiful) has a lot to learn from the ancient culture and art of that wonderous English Isle.
"4", ah! England: Great bookgreat readingif you love England as I do.I also read 'My Love Affair with England'.Can't wait to go back there myself...
"0", Is anyone still interested in this stuff?: OK so this is member(s?) of an older band called Mohinder who were actually pretty sweet. Unfortunately this just isn't all that... it's basically fast screaming chaotic hardcore with some keyboards. blah. Might not be so bad except the production is also pretty terrible making it really hard to listen to.I'd definitely recommend just picking up the Mohinder discography which has some real gems. If you're already a mohinder fan and are interested in this buy with caution.
"4", No more heart Disease: Great book! Easy to understand. Breaks down what to do and how to do it.what to take take and how to take it for best effect.Shopping guide to supplements. 10 out 10 in my book. Happy I said yes to NO.
"4", Take Care of Yourself.... You're All You Have!: Your primary doctor is yourself. Information gleaned from this book has furnished me the ammo I need to help maintain my health and from a source that doesn't see me as an Accounts Billable prescribing me pills from whatever laboratory source buys the doctors the most pizza. Doctor's primary concern is money not you. Be better informed with books.
"0", Doesn't reveal cardiac risk of getting enlarged heart: It appears that everything in the book does have substantial basis however no where does he mention that by taking his recommendations a person risks the possibility of getting an enlarged heart. John Hopkins have done studies this past May which indicate an enlarged heart is a real possibility. So please be sure to always find out the "bad" along with the "good" which doctors tout even if it means going to other resources to research additional information.
"4", Yes Yes Yes!!: This is an amazing book!!! It is working for both my husband and me. We sleep better and feel more energized.
"0", You are buying a a commercial! Watch out.: You are buying an advertisement for the authors supplement. For a person that won the Nobel prize this is a SHAME. The book is a blatant commercial for his supplement. While there may be a benefit in nitric oxide this is for sure NOT the way to expose it. There is little information in the book. This should not be called a "book" it is simply a way for the author to sell his product. I agree with others that the book is not well written and is very tedious to read I dropped it after a few pages because he keeps repeating a statement over and over and over and over again. Other people are giving the book five stars not because the book is well written but because they are excited that there may be a solution to their health problem. PLEASE DO NOT BUY THIS BOOK!
"4", Please read it!: Everyone should read this book. As a matter of fact after I read the book at my doctor's advice my husband has read it and I have given books to three sisters my best friend and a physician for whom I work. I still have 3 more copies available to give away. If you are trying to maintain a healthy lifestyle please read it. It has so much information written in plain English that everyone can get something out of it.
"4", Health Discovery of the Twentieth Century?: The discovery of Dr. Ignarro and the other two Doctors that won the 1998 Nobel Prize of Medicine could well qualify as the discovery of the century if it proves correct together with Dr. Alexander Fleming's discovery of Penicilin which is already proven. The discovery of Nitric Oxide as a regulator of Blood Pressure and overall function of the Circulatory system will increase the human life span significantly. The only reason a lot of people have not heard of it is probably that the Pharmaceutical companies have very little to gain from it since both L-Arginine and L-Citrulline can be bought by the pound. The significance of their discovery is that now people have a way to heal and maintain their circulatory system in tip top shape improving their life span and quality of life. I am about to begin trying their recommendations myself!
"4", First thoughts positive: This book is an easy read and doesn't push his brand of supplements too much. He gives you the actual supplement information so you can get what you need from any source you want. I just started taking (generic) supplements according to his formula (about a week) and I've noticed I am sleeping really well (I didn't make the connection to the supplements at first though that is mentioned as a result of supplementation -- the restfulness of the sleep was just that noticeable...we'll see what else happens).
"4", A good interesting read: This book was an interesting read for me. I've read some other reviews of this bookand just want to add that the book is an inerpretive book and that it not Mr. Peart is being reviewed here. I don't necessarily agree wih his every word or feeling but I am interested in the inpetus behind the songs that have graced my life for many years. If you focus on Peart's devotion to rand (mostly in his earlier years and he didn't endorse her every word) then I think you're missing the point. The authors have done a good job at bringing some of the more obscure meanings to light as well as educating us on the interesting world of human interaction. You don't have to be a follower of Rand to enjoy this book and gain a little insight into the writings of one of music's more thoughtful lyricists.
"0", Please Hire A Better Editor Next Time: As a big fan of the Canadian Power Trio I tend to seek out anything "Rush-Related". Some good (Contents Under Pressure) and some bad (Mystic Rhythms).I did give this 1 star primarily because I enjoy reading other people's preceptions and interpretations of the complex themes presented by Alex Neil and Geddy. Nothing earth-shattering here and some interpretations; "2112" appear to be way off compared to what Neil Peart acknowledged as his true inspiration.However I hope the next time the authors embarks on such a subject that they hire a better editor to proofread their product. The back spine acknowledges the three modern-day philosophers as Neil Peart Geddy Lee and "Alec" Lifeson?!?! Pretty sad!
"0", Deconstruction at its worst: Unless you really enjoy academic writing I would avoid this one. I did graduate work in an area similar to this and I found the author's attempt to deconstruct (find hidden meaning) in what are very obvious lyrics strained at best. The author sees very little in Rush other than themes of fighting programming and the quest for the individual. While those themes are clearly there sometimes a song is a song. I found myself rolling my eyes at many of the observations in this text. Do yourself a favor and listen to the songs while reading the lyrics. If you aren't bright enough to understand fairly simply lyrical meanings you will really dislike this book.
"0", Wow pretty hard core...: Quite simply this book is way too technical in a philosophical manner. I thought the book would simply review the songs give insight and let the reader get a further understanding to what Neil had in mind when he wrote these songs. I made it through the first few chapters and then decided that this book was too much to handle. It would have been a bit more enjoyable if it examined each song in a "lighter" fashion.....I think the average reader will find this to be just too much to sit back relax and enjoy....
"0", For a good laugh....: Who is Ms. Price kidding?!?! There is no question that she is quite intelligent and has an adroit way of expressing her opinions. But the majority of her opinions/analysis is just a depravity. For example when she analyzes A Farewell To Kings; she refers to lyrics from Time Stand Still ("...lets the ship run aground where it will"). Also she is constantly stealing lyrics (from a song that she is analyzing) in order to express her views and/or those of Neil Peart. For example "the troubles that threaten our civilization have sprung from seeds that we let grow." Any Rush fan can read the lyrics themselves and understand what they mean. I beleive Ms. Price lacks originality in her views and refers to much on lyrics from Neil to express her views. Maybe next time Ms. Price can put away the lyrics and just let her views/expressions/analysis come from within her and not from refering to the lyrics in the jewel case.
"0", Philosophy Thesis Save Yourself!: Cannot understand why anyone believed this was worthy of publishing. Reads like the work of a some graduate student. Author uses far too many pages analyzing selected lyrics for philosophical statements. Detailed interpretations are unnecessary. Most of us are smart enough to get the idea without the aid of CLIFF Notes. My recommendation is to borrow it from the library and look this over before spending your money on the book. This style of writing will NOT appeal to many people.
"0", Grasping at straws.: What a horribly written book! The authors make a feeble attempt to connect the lyrics of Rush to various philosophical themes and fail miserably. I titled this review "Grasping At Straws" for that is exactly what the authors try to do.Avoid this book!!
"0", The NEW Rush Is Terrible Who Are You Kidding PRICE?: Your Book is too RACY and for what it is worth the lyrics of Peart were BETTER with the 1970's RUSH. Your views are YOURS! Racy and CRUDE! Rush will continue and please GIVE IT UP on writing books on RUSH! I rather buy a Biography Picture Book of the band if you ask me. The OLD RUSH WAS BETTER!!!!
"4", Caution! Same text as HARVEST.: Caution! The text and art in this book are identical to the title HARVEST published in 1939 by The Viking Press and by North Point Press in 1983. I'm pleased to see that The Harvill Press has republished the text though it would have been helpful if a note had been included on the Amazon display page identifying this title as a republication of HARVEST.
"4", Great DVD: I read alot of reviews for this dvd most talking about sound and some things not lining up when there is singing and Blackie is not singing. That is all just bad editing it is a live show shot from different cameras put together by someone who isn't too bright. I am glad i bought this dvd i have been a WASP fan for many years and i have seen them live. WASP kicks ass and they always have! Seeing them live is the best this show could have been better but oh well. I enjoyed this concert!! Anyone who is a WASP fan should buy this!
"0", dissapointed: i bought thid dvd about a year ago and was greatly dissapointed with it. the microphones keep cutting out there are backing vocals when no-one is singing them and some songs are not full versions.i love wasp but this dvd was poorly produced.
"0", The real W.A.S.P. live experience: I watched this DVD again now only for the second time after having owned it since it was released.It shows you what you can expect from a W.A.S.P.-show in the 21st century.Well almost. This DVD obviously contains overdubs here and there especially in the backing vocals section. Even so the live musical quality of the band's original members is questionable.I have been at many W.A.S.P.-concerts in my time and they simply don't sound anything like they do on their studio releases. Sad but true.I wonder how much of their "Live... in the raw" album is truly live?I have always been a big fan of W.A.S.P. and I have followed them since "The last command" was released in 1985. Blackie Lawless is surely a talented songwriter and studio performer. But as a professional artist he should be more focused on the musical performance when he's playing live.This DVD shows a band who seem a bit uninspired and sloppy in their performance.
"4", W.A.S.P....Still kicking butt after all these years: It was good to see my favorite band ever rocking the Key Club. I have their first CD "Live at the Lyceum" from 1984 and it was really shocking to see how the band (in particular Blackie) had aged the 16 years since...horribly.Chris Holmes looked about the same and I must say this...Chris is one of the most unappreciated guitarists of our time. I am a huge fan of his and in retrospect he made W.A.S.P.Don't get me wrong here...Blackie can really belt out a song and his voice and songwriting abliity are just as strong as it was back in 1984.All in all this a a great DVD- the audio seems a little off during a couple of their songs but that does not negate what they do best...Rock!I would recommend this DVD in a heartbeat.
"0", First off I am a WASP fan and have seen them 7x live............: I have to say that I had very high hopes for this DVD when I got it a couple of years back. It does have some good tracks on it and its a decent dvd. It just does not have that Blackie Lawless kick to it that you would expect. Also some of the scenes are choppy and the audio does not quite match what the performers are doing. I like WASP and jam to Headless / Unholy Terror etc and I know that Blackie can out write anyone on anyday. But this dvd falls way short of the quality one would expect.
_label__2 WORTHY OF YOUR BOOKSHELF: You aren't going to find something as comprehensive as this for the price. Sure he's missing some of my personal favorite bands and yes many of his album reviews lack the benefit of repeated listenings but this book is full of facts album release dates band histories and trivia. A must have for the music fan.
"0", Pretentious but not without hope: There are definite signs of talent and insight but for me these were buried beneath layers of pretension and overconcern for style. The lives of the characters are more those of the storyworld - written so as to make publishable stories - than of the world in which we really live develop communicate and conflict.
"0", Don't bother: Very skimpy on facts about Jesse and no mention of Frank. Seems to me Jesse Jr. just wanted to convey what a good kid he was.
"4", good read: enjoyed the book very much . so much history in the tale of Jesse James. He sure loved his family
"4", Great BIography From The Son Of Jesse James: Jesse James Jr. takes you to who his father was before he was an outlaw great biography. I highly recommend it.
"4", A SIMPLY EXCELLENT MOVIE THAT RELATES COSMOS TO HUMANITY: CARL SAGAN WAS REALLY SUCCESSFUL IN PRESENTING COSMOS WITH A TOUCH OF HUMAN SENSES WHICH MAKES YOU FEEL YOU ARE PART OF THIS UNIVERSE. I WAS SURPRISED TO KNOW THIS FILM IS NO LONGER PRODUCED AS I WAS TRYING TO OBTAIN A COPY FOR OUR ASTRONOMY CLUB.
"0", TAKEN!!!!!!!!!!!: If you really want to buy this dvd you have nothing better to buy with your dollars. your money is burning a hole in your pocket. Buy it. After you wait the week or so to get it get a 6-pack and waste an hour or so. I know the last stripper is a paid porno star. She has a short but sweet skit. If it weren't for her I'd give this a "0" rating.
"0", Amateurish all the way: I bought this hoping it would be just some cute girls taking their clothes of. And that's what I got. Still it managed to make me feel disappointed.Sadly the strippers aren't the only ones being amateurish in this DVD. The whole production is amateurish even if the picture quality is good enough. The stripping in itself is just not done in a particularly exciting or even tasteful way it's just like a long wait to see what the girl looks like naked. The whole thing would have benefited from being sped up a bit I think. Sometimes less is more. If you don't know how to strip then at least don't drag on for too long.One day I might get my own DVD editing program for my computer and then I'll probably be able to edit together considerably better versions of these 32 strip"teases".
"4", Very soothing & relaxing: I received this cassette as a baby shower gift and my daughter has been listening to it at bedtime for the last 4 years (on & off). Perfect for babies through preschoolers. We love it!
"4", beautiful Judy Collns CD: listening to Judy's voice and these lullabies brings back precious memories brings up cuddling rock-a-bye dream thoughts of my grandsons who are far away and soothes my stressful days
"0", Slightly Peevish: I find this music annoying. It does work for bedtime but I find it very hard to listen too. There must be better lullaby music out there that soothes parent and child.
"0", nice try: nothing new here same old worn out blues nothing that really moves the soulseems to play it safe we have heard all of this 40 years ago nice try
"4", Do I Move You: This is a great album to listen to while traveling at work sitting around with friends or just working around my home.
"4", Very good reference for mystery writers.: This book contains information essential to creating a courtroom drama.Within the pages of this book you will find everything from the prospective jury questionnaire of the O.J. Simpson criminal trial to a glossary of legal terms.If you are planning to write (or are even working on) a courtroom drama I highly suggest purchasing this book to help you along. It will take you step by step through the process of trying a case.Michael Kurland gives you practically everything you need to know about the persona you will find in a courtroom and what their specific jobs are in the court.Reading this book will not make you a legal expert but it will give you a very good start!
"0", There's always another [writer]...: I'm starting to feel bad for us readers. These days any ... writer with an idea time on his/her hands and some money can publish a book and get it listed on Amazon. Camping in the Backyard is a perfect example of this. IUniverse does it again - no editing no spell check no sense. Are gay readers so desperate for romantic stories that they are willing to praise any book that offers them a little hope at the expense of good writing? I am beginning to think so from this books rank because I found it dreadful. There are so many better authors out there. Zatti if you read this I have two words for you next time before you decide to publish a book: writing workshop!
"0", Just a beginning: This romantic story of two sailors on leave at times made me smile and other times made me wince a little. I think the book has some good elements and I see there's a sequel and I'd be curious to read that. The writing varies in too many places.
"0", Poorly written sappy romance: I'm all for the light gay coming of age novel but this was just not up to the task. The book was poorly written with tons of grammatical errors and spelling mistakes -- at the very least the book was rushed to press without any editoral consideration. Many times during the telling of the story the author was telling the story from the wrong character's perspective. A paragraph would start with one character's name as the narrator and then switch mid-sentance to the voice of a character that was not even in the scene. It became very distracting.The prose was overly dramatic and squishy. All the conversations between two people was always prefaced with the characters name. For example "Michael would you like to go for a walk?" Johnathan asked. Michael said "Johnathan I'd love to." Yikes! It got tiring quickly.I'd definitely recommend against this book.
"0", SAVE YOUR MONEY: This author cannot spell has terrible grammar and totally loses track of his characters in one chapter. A good computer with spell check is definitely needed by this author. Plus NO ONE TALKS like he writes.Because of all the blatant mistakes in writing this was a hard read not easy and pleasant as good books are.
"0", Time waster: I found this book to be rather poorly written. The author definitely needs to work on his creativity and a more consistant writing ability. The editorial work was poor as well. Definitely not worth purchasing.
"0", TOO EXPENSIVE: It is to expensive between the price you pay for it and the s/h charges it is double than the price you can pay to the regular market.
"0", Material ripped within one day!: I am very disappointed in the seat cover that I received for Christmas! First of all there was only one seat cover in the box (not two). I have an '03 Dodge Neon and the cover did not fit very well. It sagged because there was too much material. Then when I sat on the seat for the first time the material ripped! The seams are not reinforced at all. Because of the type of material it's made of it cannot be repaired! My mother is a seamstress and she said that this seat cover was "cheaply made."
"4", A new must-read: Jeffrey Cohen has captured the fears frustrations triumphs and hopes of Asperger parents beautifully. Easy to read humorous and reassuring this book is a great addition to the must-read list for parents of children challenged with Asperger Syndrome and related developmental disorders.Somewhat repetitious but we're used to that!
"4", A Book About The Gift of A Child With Asperger's: Jeffrey Cohen's book came at exactly the right moment for me--just as our oldest was getting ready to enter high school. I laughed when I needed to and I saw our family (at its best and its worst) all over the pages of this book.Your child with Asperger's isn't the child you expected? Think a minute--what child EVER is the child their parents expected? You're not always the parent you think you should be? Think about it--were YOUR parents perfect? And you're okay--your kid will be too.Do yourself a favor and get this book. It's like a support group between covers.
"4", A Great Help and a Reality Check: This book has proved invaluable to me! There are some very good books and articles available about how to "handle" how to "parent" how to "deal with" a kid on the autism spectrum. This book alone gave me far more valuable advice: how to find humor in the tough moments! More profoundly it emphasizes that it's okay to enjoy life to laugh to even poke gentle fun at some of the unbelievable things our kids do. As the author emphasizes this book isn't about the child...it's about the parent.
"4", Easy read which is great when us parents are SO busy: I thought this book was great to get into gave me a lot to think about as my son was only recently diagnosed. Gave a little bit of light at the end of the tunnel. I think every parent in this situation would benefit greatly from this book especially since it gives real life tips on what will you will most likely come across as your kids get older. Including how to handle unwanted advice/criticism!
"4", good supportive book for parents (and professionals): The Asperger Parent by Jeffrey Cohen provides a much needed source of emotional support for parents of children with Asperger Syndrome. It would be especially helpful for a parent whose child has been recently diagnosed. Mr. Cohen is very readable and obviously has worked through a lot of his feelings about raising a young child with Aspergers. He presents simple topics in humorous terms that every Asperger Parent can appreciate. I found myself alternatively laughing and crying but consistently relieved to have my feelings validated in print. I would recommend this book to both parents and professionals who want to know what it really feels like to have a child with Asperger Syndrome. While you may not get any hard and fast answers to your problems here you will get a good solid sense of what you and others have to deal with to get the best out of life for yourself and your child!
"4", quaint little book: even if you are not dutch or from friesland you will enjoy the short story style folk tales. The book has 7 different folk tales and each one is about 13 pages long.
"4", Sewing table plans: I ordered this for my best friend's son who is going to build this cabinet for me. It would have been nice if this was in a book formation instead of one big sheet of plans.
"4", The Madness of King Macbeth: Overall I would have to say that this is quite a dark and disturbing movie but one that is done quite well. For the era it also has fairly decent production values but sometimes the sound got rather grainy and crackly. Also naked old witches and young children were getting just a little disturbing.
"4", ROMAN POLANSKI AND WILLIAM SHAKESPEARE: Bloody well good and bloody! Roman Polanski's violent location accurate version of Shakespeare's murderous Macbeth and his lady seems a natural insightful interpretation for the 20th Century. So true to Shakespeare's original work and so indebted to fine cinema.
"4", Of course this is not for youngsters!: In response to the reviewer who did not like this version of Macbeth because it was too bloody--that's what made it beautiful. Macbeth was Shakespeare's darkest tragedy and excess murder can get quite "RED" at times. Additionally it is already clear that the movie is not made for elementary or high school students. It is rated "R"!
"0", 70's horror film okay - but Shakespeare it' s not.: If you're looking for blood and a little Playboy-style nudity this Hefner/Polanski version is the film for you; but if you want to see acting or Shakespeare go for the Ian McKellan/Judi Dench performance instead.Polanski cuts & skips the text to allow more screen time for gore & clearly doesn't trust the actors to carry the drama stepping on their key speeches & shooting the actors from behind or at a distance in key scenes; soliloquies are delivered as voice-overs while the actors stare at the camera as if wondering what to have for dinner. Surely no one with any respect for acting or for Shakespeare would stage the "dagger of the mind" speech by having Macbeth chase a cheesy special-effect day-glo dagger all over the set!
"0", Don't Purchase From This Vendor!!!: I ordered this dvd to show my students and popped it into the DVD player (at home and school) and guess what-- the damn thing didn't work!!! Imagine a classroom full of 30 disappointed adolescents!
"0", Don't buy if you're a teacher: My wife who is a high school English teacher ordered this to show to her classes following their study of the play. The R rating is appropriate; don't plan on showing it in its entirety. Though you could probably show a few select scenes definitely preview (luckily she did). None of the scenes with the witches are ok to show to a class. One of the witches is a hermaphrodite who lifts skirt and shows her junk and in another scene--the part where Macbeth goes back to the witches to get more prophecies--the play's three witches are joined by about a hundred nasty naked old witches--gross. Also the fighting scenes are super cheesy. Actually the whole thing is pretty cheesy. Not worth the money for you hard-working teachers.
"0", Horrible: I wathced this movie expecting it to be great becasue of all tne good reviews. I maybe to young (27) but this film was very slow hard to understand and very boring. The fight scene at the end looked so cheesy that it made me laugh hystericaly. Its not that I dont like old movies because I do. But this movie was just plain BAD. Although the story was interesting I think that this film should be revisited and should be improved.
"0", Macbeth: Overall i thougth that the movie was decent. Considering the movie was made in the 70's it was poorly put together and i felt that some of the scens ruined my images form actual play macbeth. the final fight scen was not very good in the book it was potrayed as very powerful proud fight but in the movie the fight was chessy and not very powerfull i mean people where kicking eachother that is not the way a huge fighty should be. However i liked how the movie mad ross the thired murderer It was a very good idea that just seemd to fit and i also liked how in the final scen Donaild Bain whent to see the witchs it tied history in nicly and left the ending a littel more open and i liked that. Over all the movie was not really my idea of a great movie but those of you who are into old movies with fighting and gore its probably a good movie for you.
"4", Macbeth Review.: Well what can I say. The movie itself was well done. The incorporation of the dark and halogenic atmosphere portrayed in the original play was well matched in this production. The acting was very stable and excellently delivered and the use of the silver screen makes it possible for the average individual to understand Shakespeare more even though the language is still bloody impossible to figure out... However the film had setbacks: for instance the music sounded terrible much like a quadropolegic monkey was being pushed through a pipe organ. As well as that many scenes were left on the cutting room floor and not expressed in the film leaving some innaccuracy to be seen. Nonetheless it was an excellent film with very high standards for being a quality piece of Shakespearean work.
"0", Is this as good as it gets?: This film is produced by Hugh Heffner's Playboy productions which allowed the production staff a great deal of freedom when it came to finances and expenditures. Heffner's attempt to be a part of the fabric of our culture seems to be the best film version of Macbeth however that is not saying much. This is a film that desperately needs to be made again...Lady Macbeth does not give even a lackluster performance Macbeth is stoic and doesn't give the character any depth. Perhaps we could get a joint venture soon with Baz Luhrman and Kenneth Brannaugh.
"4", Excellent Rendition Of The Play: Out of the two great versions of MACBETH that I've seen Orson Welles' and Roman Polanski's I prefer Polanski's version. Polanski brilliantly adapted the play to the silver screen. MACBETH is an eerie brutal suspenseful thought-provoking film. Many complaints can be heard concerning an unnecessary level of violence in the film. They are untrue. The brutality of the film only strengthens the points made in Shakespeare's play the central ideas of betrayal and revenge. Polanski's MACBETH is a legendary piece of work.
"4", MacBeth: So foul and fair a film as this I have not seen. The dark landscape and eerie sound track perfectly capture the mood of tragedy. (How brilliantly ironic when good King Duncan heading straight to his murder proclaims "This castle hath a pleasant seat. The air nimbly and sweetly recomends itself unto our gentle senses.") Finch makes an excellent MacBeth. And I believe this 1971 version produced by Heffner is superior to the Orson Wells film (Banquo shouldn't tell MacBeth to his face that he doesn't trust the king -- shame on you Orson.) This is my favorite Shakespeare adaptation to film ever.
"4", RRR- Ratingfor absolute violence and blood.....: I remember this filmif you like to see heads getting cut off by a sworda woman getting rapedand a man getting hit in the face with a 'chain mail' and seeing blood splatter all over the placethis is the movie to get.In my opinionI have never seen a movie of a historical figure depicted in this unique fashion or point of view. This movie has a lot of gore scenesif you have kidsyou'll stay away from this movie.
"0", I can't believe he made MacBeth boring!: This has to be the most boring MacBeth I have ever seen!!!! I love Shakespeare and different interpretations but this one was unbelievable. The only things remotely interesting were the naked witches and that was interesting only because it was weird. Really why would witches run around naked in a very damp and cold looking Scotland? I actually fast-forwarded through the movie I was so bored. The actors had the charisma (for the most part) of dead fish. The only one who seemed flesh and blood was Banquo. Even Lady MacBeth was rather dull though the fact that she looked the epitome of a California girl was interesting. Basically rent it once. Do not buy it!!!!!
"0", Amanda Caldwell-enrichment: Mr. Yochum's Senior English ClassI think that this movie version of Macbeth just did not live up to my expectations. I thought that Polanski's version was quite boring to say the least. Not that it depicted the play badly but the characters were poorly picked and didn't act very well. I did like the bloody fight scene between Macbeth and Macduff in the end. However it sort of made me laugh more than anything. Although the acting wasn't quite up to par the motif of hands was still used just like in the play. I think Polanski followed Shakespeare's metaphorical use of hand imagery well here by showing the scene with Lady Macbeth sleep walking. Maybe I am to young to judge such a old classic but overall i thought it was pretty cheesy.
"4", Macbeth: The movie itself is one I have always loved and used for my English IV classes. I was not able to find it anywhere until it came out on DVD and Amazon had it available. The movie was in excellent condition and rest assured it arrived in a timely manner. I was able to get my students on track within a week viewing the film and working the essays.Thank you Amazon.Ms. Egly
"0", Mr. Yochum's Senior English Class: After reading the play I was looking forward to watching the movie thinking that maybe it would change my mind about the play. However it didn't turn out to be what I expected. The movie made it hard for me to stay awake during class. I thought that the scene where the forest came towards Macbeth was portrayed poorly. I could barely tell that they were trees that the soldiers were carrying. Also the fighting scene at the end was very unrealistic which disappointed me because it was the scene I was looking forward to the most. This scene was not suspenseful it was just amusing. I feel that the director could have taken more time to make the movie more believable. Although parts of the movie were not portrayed as clearly as the play I did enjoy some parts of it. I would advise you not to buy the movie due to the fact that it is way over priced.
"4", Very nice overview: This is a big fun overview of women cartoonists from about 1895 to now. It would make a great gift. Lots of full-color reproductions of the work and some quotes from the artists make this a great introduction for anyone interested in women artists. That being said it is really kind of a "coffee table" book in that the text is secondary. There is no analysis just a chronological introduction of each artist and the nature of the book requires that the author can only briefly mention incredibly important cartoonists like Alison Bechdel in a sentence or not even mention Roz Chast at all. Still you can't do everything in one book and some people would not be interested in heavy reading. This book should serve as an excellent appetizer for those who will seek out more about these talented women and to check out more writing by Trina Robbins.
"4", She's Back!: Joan Jett is back hotter than ever. This is a true must have cd. It's good to see real Rock & Roll again. No hype or gimick just real music by someone who knows what it is. Her playing (both guitar AND lyrics) is great. Joan Jett trully is one of the best.ShawnfrommoighHighland Creations
"0", over-produced and under-inspired: I am Joan Jett's biggest fan but this album is disappointingly mediocre. Four or five of the songs are okay the rest aren't. Just look at the cheesy band photo and you get an idea of the cliched hard rock sound. The production is way too clean and sterile. Joan please get Rick Rubin to produce your next record!
"4", Joan Jett is finally back!: And with an album that's quite good for a Joan Jett studio record. "Riddles" is a standard fare type of song (blues/rock) for Joan and good way to start the album. Following that we get the first single/video a cover of The Sweet's "A.C.D.C." which she does very nicely (and the video is pretty darn good too). There is a slightly disappointing version of "Andrognyous" which sounds a bit watered down; it's shame because the song works so well in her live show. However for the most part this album rocks and in some cases - "Change The World" and "Tube Talkin" - it rocks hard and fast. Worth your time to pick this one up and enjoy.
"0", Remade re-recorded re-released: Most of this album was released as NAKED in 2004 in Japan. A couple songs were released in 1999 on a Jett compilation cd FETISH. A few of these tracks are re-recorded songs from previous albums. There are 2 covers. Those are the best tracks...but then again the covers usually are the best tracks on any Joan Jett album.
"0", Joan Jett Needs To Shut Her Stupid Mouth: Joan Jett used to be an artist who I liked until this joke. Her idea of making fun of the president just sets me off. She is an idiot and needs to leave politics out of her music. She is just another worthless liberal. I will never listen to this album again. She deserves 0 stars.
"0", I'll add my two cents: If I could have given this 0 stars I would have. This is one of the most disappointing CDs I've bought in the last decade. I can't really expand on the other reviewers but suffice to say avoid this one like the plague.And yes the 1-star reviews ARE fair. Vince Guaraldi is probably rolling in his grave after this wretched "lite jazz" interpretation.4 of the 12 tracks have nothing to do with "A Charlie Brown Christmas" as we know and love it. I'm all for re-interpreting classics in fresh new ways. I'm all for celebrating old favorites in fresh new ways.This is new but it is not fresh and is certainly nothing to celebrate.
"0", The Trashing of a Christmas Classic: Need I say anything more?!? They should have left well enough alone with this one. Vince Guaraldi was a genius who's work cannot be improved upon no matter how many so-called big name artists you put on a CD. Pheeewwww this one stinks!!!
"4", A smooth jazz/R&B masterpiece.: Thank God for the freedom to express ones opinion and most importantly the freedom to think and choose for oneself.This album was not intended to compete with the original but to expand the customer base.This is a classic smooth Jazz/ R&B version directed at customers like me.As an audiophilei don't care for music recorded some 40 years ago except if it is meticulously remastered.My recommendation is for the Superdisc Format by Monster Music.This format allows you to experience absolute state of the art multichannel surround sound the likes you have never heard before.Most people complain about Chaka Khan vocals sounding like someone who is intoxicated.Howeverin the Superdisc version she sounds quite sober to me even though not at her best performance.Disregard the negative reviews and choose between the old version and the smooth Jazz version you may like the latter.
"0", HATED IT!!: This is the most awful rendition of this CD I have ever heard. It was misrepresented as the same music and it is NOT. The original is far better than this awful version.
"0", some interesting remakes others ruin the classic: While some of the songs are innovative renditions of songs I have loved for many years others incorporated singers who sounded like English was a second language. I thought this would be a new and interesting take on the original but I guess you simply cannot improve on this classic. Stick to the original!
"0", Do Yourself A Favor - Buy The Original: Some things can't be improved upon. There is a reason you can buy this CD used on Amazon for only $1.00. If you don't own the original you are missing one of the best Christmas CDs of all time. Skip this and get the original.
"0", Horrible Watered-down Imposter of the Original Soundtrack: About a week before Christmas I was looking for the original soundtrack and came across this CD at my local Best Buy. I should have paid closer attention to the words "brand new recording" but I was in a hurry. This is "A Charlie Brown Christmas" in name only. I've heard the original soundtrack and this is NOT it.It contains songs that were not even on the original soundtrack! I cannot stand it when people "re-invent" music that was already perfect. The new interpretations will have you cringing and longing for the original versions. Avoid at all costs.Now I'm going back out to search for the REAL soundtrack.
"4", Love it!: I had bought this before a nd had lost my music library. I loved it so much I purchased it again
"0", YIKES!!! A BIG disappoinment.: The only thing I can say echoes what already has been said; "Why this album? Why this collection? Why these artists?" Obviously to cash in in some way. "Good luck Chuck"(as Lucy might say).The instrumentals are okay but Chaka Khan should be given a larynx-ectomy for what she does to Torme's lovely chestnut"The Christmas Song".Get the originals. 'nuff said!!
"0", hated it!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!: oh my gosh the cd is awful its trash by a real classic cd like mariah carey christmas cd or christina aguilera's cd this is garbage!!!!
"0", Ruining A Classic: Vince Guaraldi's music has been a part of my life since I was a child. Most people have fond memories of this music in association with the Charlie Brown Christmas Special. I bought this CD because I'm a huge fan of Guaraldi's music and try to collect anything by him or associated with him. Unfortunately this CD offers a poor product. Some of the tracks (like Fur Elise) stay very close to the original. Other tracks try to "modernize" or "reinterpret" the original--and don't do a very good job. My four year old daughter told me when we were listening to this CD "Daddy shut this off. They're ruining Charlie Brown." I must agree with my daughter on this one. Do yourself a favor and just purchase the Vince Guaraldi Charlie Brown's Christmas CD. Guaraldi's CD is one of the best selling Christmas CDs of all time (and with good reason). You won't be disappointed with Guaraldi's CD however I cannot make the same prediction with the 40 Years CD.
"0", This CD SUCKS.: If you're looking for anything remotely resembling the songs that were in Charlie Brown Christmas you will hate this. If you're looking for random artists to listen to for easy listening you would like it. But I bought this CD being a big fan of the Vince Guaraldi Trio. I thought this would be a great remix of the awesome music they created. I listened to this entire CD 3-4 times and out of all the songs on the CD only 2 were half way decent to listen to. I actually threw it out my balcony in the pond about an hour ago. I swear to God.Save your money.
"0", Awful...Just AWFUL!: I was really excited to get this CD being such a fan of everything Charlie Brown and Vince Guaraldi. But all this CD did was make me want to go find the "Happy Anniversary Charlie Brown" CD and listen to it instead!I'm not sure what the producers were thinking about when they were developing this drek but it clearly was not Charlie Brown OR Christmas. It is the swishiest-cheesiest-smoothjazziest-elevatoriest piece of junk and I'm appalled they were willing to let it out of the studio.
"4", Perfect copy of the wonderful work.: There is nothing that could be left Iszard after receiving this translation of this important document. It is a star among my books on my bookshelf.
"0", Very Cheaply made!: Very cheaply made junk tears at all the sew seams.. Junk Please save some money and DO NOT BUY!!!!
"4", Indispensible!: This book totally rocks! This is my National Parks bible. I use the National Geographic book for maps and pictures and this one for the trails lodging and other details. The hike recommendations are the best of any national park book I've seen.
"4", Phenomenal performance of a powerful man: If you do not know who Roger Guenveur Smith is and somehow don't recognize him from other Spike Lee joints then this piece will introduce you to an amazing actor. An amazing actor. An amazing performance. Granted this is translated from the stage to the cinema but it is quite affecting in expressing the character that was Huey P. Newton and his explosive personality and his intellect. As great a character as Newton is Guenveur Smith's intense and deeply expressed performance outdoes the imagery the music even the text. As an actor this is a master class in deep and committed artistry.
"4", Beautiful.: I saw this performance first on Netflix streaming and then bought this to show to Introduction to Theatre students. I have had very positive results for discussion and appreciation of diverse American theatre. It doesn't have chapters or scene skipping so cueing is time consuming but well worth it for the viewing experience.
"4", Works: Works perfectly. I bought this to use for a 360 that had problems synchronizing with Wireless Controllers and there have been no problems with it.
"4", Quality: I bought this controller for my PC mainly to use for grand theft auto 4. I have found it to work on my other games as well. The controller feels well made. I would buy it again.
"0", Cheap Knock-Off: Upon arrival of this item I immediately noticed something funky about it. The packaging was all wrong labeled only "360" and had the official Microsoft label nowhere in sight. On top of that the controller lacks the trademark "X" symbol on the center button. I didn't even open it realizing the fraud. I would not recommend! Don't purchase this!!!
"4", GEARS OF WARDEAD RISING(PURE GAMING AT IT'S BEST): YOU HAVEN'T EXPIRENCE VIDEO GAMING UNTIL YOU PICKED UP THESE TITLES.IF YOU'RE INTO FAST PASTE HARDCORE ACTIONTHEN YOU WOULD SIMPLY LOVE GEARS OF WARHOWEVER IF YOU'RE LOOKING FOR ALITTLE BIT MORE ENEMIES AND BOSSES TO BEAT ALONG WITH EXTRA SIDE MISSIONS OF PURE SURVIALTHEN DEAD RISING IS YOUR GAME.loaded with non-stop action a story-line thats believable and characters you can really get intoyou cant help but play this again and again.
"0", The Final Score is STATIC: 1 MICROSOFT: 0: Microsoft needs to harden the equipment they sell against electrical discharge. I got this controller two months ago and a minor poke of static electricity fried it! It no longer functions in any useful way except as a $30 paperweight.
"0", Not Good At All: The 1 star was VERY Generous. Controller came early. Only Wonderful part of the purchase. Within 5 minutes the controller was useless. Wires shorted out. Returning ASAP.
"0", Bad: This controller is bad. The day I received it it was bad. The controller was not working as good as i read it was. You have to move the cable a lot in order for it to work. Also when you play the controller can get u mad because it disconnects by itself in the middle of anything.
"0", $10 more for the wireless controller!!!!!!!!!: If you were stuck buying the core 360 then I guess you are stuck with this. If I was stuck with the core I would sell the wired one and spend $10 more to buy the wireless. This console is expensive and I think you people should buy what's best!!!
"4", Great Controller: I bought this controller for my PC after I learned you can use an Xbox 360 controller with a computer.It's a sturdy controller and very comfortable to hold. If you are looking for a controller for your computer I would recommend the Xbox 360 controller.
"4", Works fine with a PC: Save yourself some money and hassel and get this wired Xbox 360 gamepad (not the wireless) for either your XBOX 360 or PC. I had some reservation of purchasing this item for my PC but it works great with BioShock (popular PC game).As with most XBOX 360 games available for the PC the game BioShock has a native XBOX 360 gamepad support builtin. Using this controller instead of a third party one will often save you the extra inconvenience of configuring the gamepad to your specific game.Otherwise there is nothing special about this gamepad except it works well with both PC and XBOX 360. As an owner of PS3 and 2 other types of gamepads I can't say this gamepad is better than others and vice versa.I wish MSFT had created a flexible gamepad driver (they sure have the resources) which allows more customizaton of each gamepad buttons. But unfortunatley they never bothered to create one. So you are stuck with the "standard" button configuration set by each game.
"4", Perfect: It's exactly what I ordered and it came nicely packaged and brand new.It came much before expected. Use it all the time.
"4", Wired isn't the Past: I already had one wireless controller that came with the main bundle. Then I decided to buy a wired one so I can have at least one of them that I don't have to worry about charging or switching batteries. I know wireless is nice because it gives you mobility but I think wired is just a bit of convenience because it's always on and ready to go.Plus I can use it on my PC as a universal controller without having to buy a $20 accessory.
"4", A 360 that you didn't even know...: I plugged this thing right into my PC andWindows recognized it right away.works like a charm with Rainbow Six: Vegasand NFS:MW. I even found a script to makeit run with WoW.It will work with any Games For Windows labeledPC game.
"0", Fake or used!: I cannot believe Amazon just let this product survive here! It`s totally not as described!They send me a plastic paper packed "new real Microsoft X360 controller" no guide book no official mark I never know that Microsoft is also a plastic factory.And when I look at back OMG! Guess what I see? I see 4 familiar Chinese characters "&#20013;&#22283;&#35069;&#36896;(Made in China)" and it`s even written in tranditional Chinese! Chinese mainland never use tranditional Chinese so I guess it`s some fake product selling to Hongkong Macau or Taiwan.Another thing I want all you buyers know is that I`ve seen the same kind of "real controller" selling in my hometown Nanjing about 3 years ago and it was priced 120 RMB(Which is way better at least they have good package) you have to know Chinese RMB to US dollar was about 1:7 that time. They are just marked "furbished".You know how to do with your order now...
"0", Not cool.: I bought this expecting to get months of great play of of it. Most disappointed. The game characters moved independently without my commands an important piece was missing when the product got to me and plus it got to me kind of late. Most disappointing.
"0", Expected the real thing.: I was hoping to get a real Xbox 360 controller and from th outside that's why it was. When I first tried it out the buttons were little softer than I had hoped and I didn't always know if I was hitting them. As I continued to play it was clear there were more problems. All the buttons did the desired function but it felt different than my other controller so I took a peak inside. What i saw was terrible. One of the rubble packs was disconnected and the chip had saunter burns everywhere. I thought I could fix the rubble by plugging it in but then I saw the the connector was missing so that was that. I will be trying to return this look alike and recommend that you avoid buying this.Don't fall for the scam like I did.
"4", Awesome for the computer: I use this exclusively on the computer and for that it is so much fun. It works with everything from Super Meat Boy Bastion and modern games to emulators and ROMs. Playing the original Legend of Zelda is a lot easier when you have a comfortable controller instead of a brick Nintendo controller. They're a bit pricey but you will be happy you made the investment in a platform supported controller. I've heard a lot of people had issues with the drivers but I was able to literally just plug it right on in and play Portal 2. Love this controller strongly recommend it if you're looking to do anything I mentioned above.
"4", great controller: You just plug it in and go. i really like how i can use this controller on my computer as well. i have a wireless controller as well that came with my 360 but i got tired of buying batteries over and over again. i couldve bought the charger that works with wireless controllers and saved 10 bucks but you will still need to buy batteries for it eventually and plus i wanted a second controller any ways.
"4", Works Great!: I bought this controller to use with my PC it works perfectly for my games purchased through Steam! ^_^4/5
"4", Doesn't Feel The Same Still Great: I owned the wireless 360 controller and it starting to wear out so I decided to get a wired controller and avoid the hassle of changing and charging batteries. It works the same as the wireless controller but feels different in your hands. If you have never used the wireless before I don't think this would affect you in the least. The wired controller is a little lighter and the wire tends to drape over or around my finger on the right trigger button. These are really only small issues its a great controller but I do prefer the wireless version.EDITA week later and it feels better in my hand. The cord draping over my trigger finger still bugs.
"4", XBOX 360 Controller: Great product if you have PC games this controller is Windos compatible.I use this to play any game in my PC.
"4", best computer gamepad: best gamepad for a pc in the business.if you want the wireless option microsoft does offer a usb wireless adapter that works with the wireless 360 controller.more expensive by about 20 dollars than the average pc gamepad but well worth the money. by far the most sturdy and comfortable gamepad in the business.only downside...there is no software that lets to assign keys. so if your game doesn't inherently utilize a gamepad you can't jimmy rig your options to use the gamepad. microsoft needs to get on this.still i recommend it wholeheartedly.
"4", Best PC Gamepad yet!: I play Final Fantasy XI online and with all my various PC controller the game just doesn't feel right. Bought this and wasn't expecting much. Plugged it in and configured it and it worked PERFECTLY in the game without any additional configuration to get it right.This thing is comfortable but it takes awhile to get used to the layout if you don't use an Xbox at home. I don't own an Xbox 360 and my xbox in my closet collecting dust.The four button directional pad isn't as responsive as it could be you really need to press down firmly but that's not too much of a negative.Yes it is quite expensive but I do think it's worth it for sure.Overall I think this is the best designed controller for the PC not quite for consoles but close.
"0", Used controller: This is a used controller. Don't believe what they wrote if you look at other reviews they ship used or even unusable items.
"4", Good but weird thing: I bought this a long time ago (like March2012 or so) and it's a decent controller. An odd thing about it was that the right thumb stick is extremely sensitive when moving left. This is only noticeable during shooting games (not fighting/racing games) and so it isn't really an issue as I use another controller for FPS. It was clearly just a defective one. Otherwise a good purchase (not worth returning or anything since it isn't my main controller).
"4", Great Controller: Purchased this Controller for use on my pc and am very happy with purchase has worked perfect and for alot of games I have run across its just plug and play with this controller. Would purchse again if needed.
"4", Good customer service: I received my controller within 5 days. However the first controller didn't work at all. I contacted the seller who gladly sent another one and didn't ask me to send the broken one back to avoid extra shipping cost for me. The second controller I received works perfectly. Overall this had been a pleasant experience.
"0", Trash: The used controller I got was absolute trash. The buttons didnt work it was all scratched and it was very dirty.
"4", 360 Controller for PC: Excellent game controllerNewer games automatically configure buttons so it feels as if you're playing 360Best controller for playing games on PC because its an XboX controller!
"4", Great Controller for your PC: I bought the game Prototype and had a hard time playing it using the key board controls so I bought this controller. I down loaded the driver and it works great! The game is more entertaining and now I'm looking to purchase more games to use with this controller.
"4", New controller for a new system: The new controller for the Xbox 360 is quite similar to the previous controllers for the first generation Xbox. Those transitioning from the first generation to the 360 will find controls as they were so players don't have to re-learn button position. There is one exception to the similarities. Every time a new generation of controller has arrived the "start" and "back" buttons always seem to shift their positions and I'm not sure why. Also the black and white buttons of the Xbox controllers have been replaced by the "LB" and "RB" buttons on the 360. However all buttons are conveniently positioned but the rather narrow range of motion of the left thumbstick makes finesse in racing games difficult to achieve. Instead you get either too little or too much input as you attempt to maneuver your car around the track though you get used to it. Overall a good controller and I have had absolutely no reliability issues (even through heavy use.)
"4", Excellent!!: Plug & Play in my vista x64. I'm really enjoing the gaming experience with this controller.
"4", Love this wired controller....: I bought this controller back in October. I have three boys and at least one of them is always out of luck because one of my wireless controllers needs batteries. I finally purchased this controller after arguing with my teenager as he's telling me that the wired ones are terrible. Well here we are a few months later. His rechargable batteries are hardly holding thier juice so he's always asking to use this one. The cord is also very long so the kids can sit far from the tv. It also has a nice weight to it. For $28 and no headaches I'm very happy and will be purchasing more to replace my battery sucking wireless ones.
"4", Great Controller: This controller hasn't let me down. It works flawlessly easy to install (plug and play) and what's best you can use it on PC or XBOX. I recommend it.
"4", Better than wireless: I bought this for Halo 2 pc.It's a great controller and i prefer it over my wireless controllers.The driver isn't hard to find if you run a Microsoft based pc.
"4", Fantastic upgrade from Sidewinder Pro: I use this controller exclusively with my PC and it's great. XP and Windows 7 automatically install drivers for it and it has enhanced my game play experience over my aging Sidewinder Pro. Well worth it now if Microsoft would just remove the listing for the "PC" controller. There's no reason to pay more for the wired version.
"0", Avoid "DEALS ON WHEELS"!: I suggest anyone ordering a controller to avoid "Deals on Wheels". They ship a supposedly new controller that is unboxed and in a plastic bag. They say its "new" yet my controller was obviously used and refurbished. I can tell that is was used because the linings of the controller had dirt buildup which accumulates only from usage. I suspect that the D-pad was a 3rd-party part. It did not even match up with the size of my other Microsoft controllers' D-pad and was extremely loose to the touch. Right away the A and B button did not work. The only plus side to this controller was that it is Amazon backed so I could easily return this piece of junk.
"4", Rumble works on some games...: I bought this controller (Windows XP version) to use with Prince of Persia - The Two Thrones. After some difficulty getting the game to recognize the controller and then some additional adjustment - this controller works great with this game and even features RUMBLE effects! To get this to work properly I copied the xinput9_1_0.dll file into the game directory and reduced the gamepad speed to .5. After I did this it eliminated the "drift" I was suffering and made the whole experience great. I rated 4 stars because of the difficulty in setup. But the actual controller feels great in your hand and makes game play much easier than using a mouse/keyboard.
"0", FAKE!!!!!: The controller was refurbished not new like they had said. The joystick moved poorly and the ABXY buttons were broken or you had to push down hard on them. DO NOT BUY!!!!!!
"0", Cheap plastic feel and complete waste of money: I bought this controller because I am the type of player who only plays on wired controllers. I prefer both the feel and dependability of these controllers and I've had a lot of good luck with them in the past. I suppose I was due for some bad luck or something because this controller was the worst I've ever felt. The feel was completely wrong. It even felt incredibly light when I held the package for the first time. As far as the functionally goes the controller was unplayable. The joystick felt as though it had been damaged already and passed off as "new" or something. I'm completely unhappy with the product I received. In defense of the seller the item did ship here quickly despite being in Okinawa Japan. I would highly discourage anyone from purchasing this controller from this seller. I basically am out the price of the controller as I am far too frustrated to deal with the arduous return process. Anyhow buyer beware for sure.
"0", buttons stick and does not work well.: The buttons on the color pad stick and it looks like the controller has been taken apart. It was not worth the money and wish i never ordered it
"0", moves on its own: The controller is quite uncontrollable. The cursor does not stay steady and the buttons are very unresponsive and quite "moody." A light toggle to any direction will send you way off so it's not very useful.
"0", Cheap cheap garbage: Controller worked great after I fought with driver issues for about 15 minutes. (Yes I run Windows...go figure). About two days after purchase it fell from my lap and broke into several pieces. Not a 12 foot drop mind you it fell two feet (as a high estimate) from my lap while seated at my computer desk. Crap Crap Crap.
"0", Defective: Buttons are hard to press down. Right trigger is stuck and active even though I am not pressing it down.
"4", Really good product: I use it for working my 126 pound rottie in NoseWorks. Easy to let slid between your fingers without burn.
"4", THE BEST CONCERT SPECIAL EVER!: Man this video NEVER gets old! CARL PERKINS is in total command of this ROCKIN' CINEMAX special that features the likes of Ringo Starr Eric Clapton and Dave Edmunds! THE real HIGHLIGHT is GEORGE HARRISON coming out of retirement at that time and BARNSTORMING through "Everybody's Trying To Be My Baby" like he's back in 1962 at the CAVERN CLUB! Carl SMOKES on "Gone Gone Gone" "Boppin' The Blues" and of course the all star jam of "Blue Suede Shoes!" THIS is the KING OF TRIBUTE VIDEOS and truly is one of the few that actually deserves a 5 star rating! The humbleness and sincerity that is CARL PERKINS comes across so deeply on the video that the true fan is almost moved to tears (just as Carl is toward the end of the video). CARL PERKINS will always be a true American TREASURE!
"4", historical: This is simply one of if not the best music videos ever. On one stage you have Carl George Harrison Clapton Dave Edmunds Ringo all obviously having a great time. It's a very personal tribute to Perkins from his greatest admirers. This is one video that delivers on its promises. Carl was a huge influence on George and Ringo. A gem.To see all these guys so spontaineous and enthusiastic...
"4", Carl Perkins at his best: The only thing I can Say is 5 stars are not enough. It just does'nt get any better than this. Everyone is in great form. Although I'm a huge Perkins fan the best part of this video for me  was seeing how much George Harrison was enjoying paying tribute to his good friend. I can honestly say I felt years younger after watching this .
"4", The King of Rockabilly!!: Amazing and inspiring performances by the King of Rockabilly Mr. Carl Perkins. Get this! Buy it! Own it! Add it to your collection! Turn it up!! Enough said.
"0", Wrong DVD Cover: I purchased this DVD - Carl Perkins and Friends - Blue Suede Shoes: A Rockabilly Session which was released in 2002. Another DVD called Blue Suede Shoes was released in 2006. I knew the DVD's were exact but I figured the covers were different. When it was shipped I found out it was the exact DVD and cover which I already had from the 2006 release. The DVD is awesome but you need to advertise the correct cover. This DVD shipped was the same cover as the Blue Suede Shoes cover released in 2006.
"0", "WHAT DID THEY SAY "?: MY MISTAKE WAS NOT READING THE REVIEWS OFFERED TO ME BEFORE BUYING. THIS WOULD HAVE BEEN A GREAT PURCHASE BUT I COULDN'T UNDERSTAND A DAMN THING ANYONE SAID. IT'S FRUSTRATING THAT I CAN'T DO ANYTHING ABOUT THIS. I WILL HOWEVER LOOK AND SEE WHO PRODUCED THIS EFFORT AND NOT BUY AGAIN FROM THESE PEOPLE. THEY SHOULD BE ASHAMED OF THEMSELVES. MY WIFE SAID "SELL IT BACK AS A USED C.D. -- I CAN'T. IT'S LIKE SELLING SOMEONE A CAR THAT LEAKS OIL.
"4", Carl Forever: This concert bristles with excitement talent and gives anyone an insight into what makes Carl and these musicians so revered. There is an incredible vibe and Dave Edmunds as musical director delivers unselfishly and deliberately a musical platform for Carl that is simply perfect. It's a thrill to watch the exchange of guitar licks supported by a relentless infectious rhythm throughout. It lifts my heart to watch and to listen to such obvious enjoyment and skills of George Eric Ringo and Dave - love the Roseanne Cash performance too! Put into rock music perspective it's a nostalgic trip that echoes Lennon's "You Should Have Been There" quotation! The best tribute DVD that sets the standard for capturing pure joy and celebration of this truly under-estimated genius of rock and roll! Free spirits running wild in a celebration!
"4", Sincere man and Good Music...: Carl Perkins is one of the founders and heroes of rockabilly music. You can meet him with warmth and vividness in this film.
"0", Worst sounding DVD ever!: This DVD was the biggest dissapointment in recent memory. I remember seeing this special on Cinemax back in 1985. After receiving the DVD I was compelled to compare the audio to my video taped copy. The seventeen year-old VHS mono tape was superior in every way audio wise to the DVD. How can this be? The folks responsble for this DVD should be ashamed of this product. Still the performances by all involved are hard to resist. George Harrison never seemed to have more fun in his life and Carl himself seemed to be stoked by his all-star admireres. The video quality is not all that great either but the horribly muddled sound contributes to an overall dissapointing purchase.
"0", Great video lousy sound: Don't get me wrong I love this video! The music is fantastic which is the whole reason I bought this on DVD. But the sound quality is terrible. Maybe there is something wrong with my DVD. I'd be interested if anyone else who owns this DVD is having the same problem?
"0", Do NOT buy the VHS: I watched this show on HBO when it first was released and loved the program. My complaints with the VHS are all technical. The picture is grainy and the sound skipped so badly I wouldn't watch it. Spend the money on the DVD and hope it is better because the program was great.
"0", Gossipy Book for Rainy Days: This book is not a serious book though it is fun for when you are boerd. All in all this book is not worth the price. It is predictable with no solid plot.
"4", This one has it all!: Devil Hunter Yohko is a classic that has a little bit of everything. From romance to adventure to mystery to action to comedy DHY is an anime worthy of putting into your collection. From fluid animation to great voice acting to terriffic music this anime is sure to please.This is the start of the a great series as it follows the adventures of Yohko Mano (the 108th Devil Hunter in the Mano line). Story wise and charcter wise it's very similar to Buffy the Vampire Slayer. Here's a girl who simply want's to be a teenage girl but gets saddled with this very important task of being a Devil Hunter.Very highly recommended. Oh one last comment don't get the dub... the American voice actors are horrid.Mike Thomas
"0", Anime Cheese: As anime goes this one is fluff. Don't get me wrong I've seen worse but for the most part I've seen much better. this anime is just plain corny. the story is weak and well everything about it is cheese and not even good cheese like cheese whiz dairy by-product avoid or it might give you gas.
"4", Music videos from Devil Hunter Yohko!: This VHS tape is a collection of music videos from the anime - Devil Hunter Yohko. It contains several animated and LIVE ACTION music videos (The live action music videos star the voice actresses from the anime). If you are a fan of Devil Hunter Yohko you must get this video!
"4", Yohkorific: Devil Hunter Yohko is a great anime series in my opion. The anime has great battle action and fun comic releif in the story. Yohko always is serious in one part of the story line and a total goofball in another part of the story. The way Yohko and her friends have to deal with what's happening around gets to be the some of the best anime sences I have seen. I am sure that once you watch Devil Hunter Yohko you will feel the same way I do about the series.
"4", THE BEST!: I havn't seen it yetI am ordering it But I saw the Previews! If you want to know the clone of Yohko's nameit's Ayako! This is a good movie! The Theme is SO cool! It's in japaneseBut if your an Anime fan You'll memorize it easily! So waht i have to say to you.... YOU'RE DARN RIGHT YOU SHOULD ORDER IT! One thing is for sure AzusaYohko's GrandmotherYohko's Grandmother's sisterAyakoand of courseYohko are more Funnier. Yohko's Clone Ayako is WWWWWaYYYYY much stronger than Yohko! So get this item "Devil Hunter Yohko 6: Double TroubleDouble Jepordy! Your not seeing double..........But Yohko is! And the planet's not big enough for the two of them!
"4", da'bomb: Very excelent!! i thought #3 was the best______because yohko falls for a guy and in episode #2 yohko meets a devil hunter in training! A MUST SEE!!
"4", One of the Best Anime: This Series of movies has great weapons fighting and little bit of comedy mixed in. Also the grandma and mom fight in the beginning of Yokho 1 is hilarious. You won't believe your eyes with Yohko's transformation scene. A well done anime.
"4", Outstanding reference work: Of all the Winchester reference books and there are many this is by far the most informative. Logically arranged to take the reader smoothly through the myriad variations found in this model and featuring great photography excellent captioning and none of those usless "filler" pages so often found in books of this type you will quickly find that every page is a treat. Highly recommended for all Winchester fans; essential for the serious Model 1894/94 collector.
"0", MODEL 94 COLLECTORS: AS A LIFELONG COLLECTOR OF WINCHESTER RIFLES I GUESS I WAS EXPECTING SOME NEW AND DIFFERENT INFORMATION. UNFORTUNATELY THE BEST THING ABOUT THIS BOOK IS THE COVER. MOST ALL THE INFORMATION HAS ALREADY BEEN PRINTED AND REPRINTED ELSEWHERE. FOR A BEGINNING COLLECTOR OR ENTHUSIAST THIS IS HOWEVER A GOOD REFERENCE BOOK TO START WITH.
"0", Boring: I could not get through this book. I thought it might just take a couple of chapters to get into the story but the story never took hold. Totally boring.
"0", OUCH!: Very cute and colorful shoe. Made to look at and not walk in! Very hard and uncomfortable. Could barely walk across my carpet in them.
"4", Lovely journal: I own several of the Peter Pauper Press Guided Journals and love them all. This is no exception - it's a sturdy spiral-bound hardcover with a cutout "frame" on the front cover that opens onto the full color inside page which is a painting of flowers. The lined paper inside the journal is a good quality a cream color that is thick enough so that you can't see your writing showing through on the other side. A nice lightly-printed border that looks like leaves with fruit runs along the top of each page. Like all of the guided journals this one has quotes inset on every other page from a wide range of sources... proverbs writers throughout history philosophers and even modern people. Here's one of my favorites: "To live our lives with gratitude is to live with no insistence on our own worth but to cherish and respect the worth of every other person." -- Doug King
"4", Great: I am pleased with getting a replacement. This is the interesting thing its a working replacement. I love the music although I don't really listen to it much.
"0", It's missing some of the good stuff!: Some of the highlights of this concert were the offbeat moments (i.e.Bowie opening w/America accompanying himself on a little casio).Some of these moments are here. But some musical highlights are missing. Most notably Macy Gray's incredible funk/reggae version of "with a little help from my friends". The song is listed on the song list on this site...but it's not actually on the album. (...)
"0", Audience noise is in the forfront of recording: I purchased this CD because of the songs by Mick Jagger and Kieth Richards. Unfortunatly the background noise and the quality of the recording made this a poor buy. After getting over my expensive blunder I did some research and found a recording the Rolling Stones did on one of their albums that sounded much better and still retained the accustic sound of the live version. I have chalked this purchase up to a lesson learned and hopefully everyone else can beware before they buy.
"4", BUY THIS CD NOW!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!: This cd rules it was important for those singers to pay tribute to the firefighters and the police of what happened on Sept. 11. I was glad when Paul McCartney wrote that song "Freedom" about the terrorist attacks to show everybody we need this terrorism to end. I saw it on vh1 and it rules all!!!
"4", Concert for NYC: Absolutely excellent emotionally moving and it is wonderful to hear The Who Mick Jagger John Mellencamp David Bowie James Taylor etc. put their heart and soul into singing for our NYC September 11 Heroes. Great music.
"4", Microsoft Works purchase: I had a crash on my notebook and found that preloaded programs were lost. No backup disks were provided so I needed word program for my work. After spending over $200 to have computer repaired I had little money to buy replacement programs so I found just what I needed on Amazon for 1/4 the new price. Program was like new and I am back in business.
"4", Great: This was great and It worked marvelous praise GOD for his great provision. Thankyou!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!I did not feal like spending $200 on word 2005!God Is Good All The Time!
"4", great set great price: I needed Microsoft word and this was the most affordable one I could find it works great. But of course it is an older version but it does get the job done no problem.
"4", Simple Things (by Carole King): I have been looking for this "album" in CD for years now. Was sure excited to see it here! Thanks!!!!
"4", The author gets an A the proofreader fails: Enjoyable vacation reading --- marred mainly by minor distractions: numerous uncorrected typos and/or grammatical errors (the publisher's proofreader should be fired!) and repeated gratuitous references to a well-known coffeehouse chain (a paid sponsorship?)
"0", Poor scholarship: Interpret this as you will but this book does not take a scientific approach to the study of stress preferring to rely on ancient medicine and holistic body-mind-spirit ideas.Unfortunately the author not only departs from scientific fact but also from common-sense scientific methodology. Evidence for "cell memory" is an unverified story of an unnamed woman who had cravings for beer and chicken nuggets after recieving a heart transplant from a motorcyclist. Einstein proved that E=mc^2; even scientists admit the universe is a friendly place made of spiritual energy! These statements reflect poor understanding and scholarship by the author and turn an interesting harmless book on holistic health into an embarassing lesson on what happens when you believe everything you hear.
"0", Worst Textbook EVER!: This is the absolute worst textbook ever written. I had to read this for a class and I found a scholarly mistake on nearly every other page. The claims made by the author and interpretation of evidence are ridiculous. If you wish to learn anything about stress or stress management I urge you to not buy this book. Some people may like this book because it is an easy read and is not particularly academic. However if you are interested in learning and not filling your head full of worthless junk science then find another book.
"4", Happy Customer: Received the book and CD in the condition promised even tho it took a longer time in the mail than another book I'd ordered at the same time. Still quite happy overall with product and service.
"4", when a Album Meant something: this Album is something else.Minnie Riperton has Deniece Williams another Dynomite SingerMichael Sembello a Solid Session Musician who was a part of Stevie Wonder's Band&Who later went on to do Songs for Films&a ton of other Session work. then there is Stevie who Musically clicked really strongly with Minnie&Her range.the title cut alone is pure Magic.the arrangementsharmonys&Musicianship are all Strong to me.it's the kind of Album where things all fell into place really well.Minnie Riperton was a Great Vocalist&Writer.I'd take Her over anything that is out now without thinking twice.
"4", Perfect Angel is devilishly good: It's hard to believe that the most well known track on this album is the weakest. That notwithstanding this album is as near perfection as one could imagine or hope for. I bought a vinyl copy some 30 years ago and it still enthralls and moves me. The production lyrical content and execution is a shining beacon in the wastelands of modern day R+B. Like all Perfect Angels you are a comet amongst the stars Minnie still dazzling us with your brightness years after you passed by and long after other stars have faded
"4", Still learning how to use these.: I bought these beans to try to provide a sample of food that might be available in country for a group of students who were traveling to Japan. My first attempt was less than satisfactory and then sadly the earthquake and tsunami that occurred in Japan cancelled their plans for traveling there. I do plan to try again. I think if I had more experience with cooking any beans I would have been more successful. Wish me luck!!! The vendor sent the item ordered quickly as agreed and certainly did everything they could do to set me up for success. I would order from them again.
"4", A trial from hell: We know the ending - but how did it start? Why did a prosecutor who violated his own oath to "seek justice first" pursue Martha Stewart with a vengeance and even made up fraudulent charges? Why did the mainstream media conspire to taint the jury pool in New York? Why did a biased judge deny Martha her rights? Why was a man who lied to get seated at her trial who hated Martha and who had a criminal record permitted to sit in judgment? Why did the jurors accuse her lawyers of not putting on a defense?Martha Stewart's trial and conviction is a blot on the escutcheon of our judicial system. She was denied the presumption of innocence and was pronounced guilty by a mob mentality. Hers was a trial from hell.The book attempts to explain the injustice done to Martha Stewart.
"0", Was Everyone In The ImClone Scandal Guilty Except Martha?: Martha claims to be innocent yet her broker and Waskal were also found guilty. Lying should not be tolerated and people who lie and impede an investigation should rightly go to prison for their crimes. Martha was a former stockbroker and a member of the NYSE Board of Directors when she committed her crimes. With this kind of history the term "mistake" and "crimes" do not fit. Stratifying members of society by using a pr strategy which encourages disbelief in the effectiveness of the legal system and distrust in the fairness of the stock market should not be encouraged.Breal
"0", Veteran Actors Misused: It would be difficult to improve on Van T. Roberts' negative review of this movie. He covered it all. I agree with him that the plot is mediocre at best and that the veteran actors in it should have be warned to avoid the movie. Their agents did not represent them well. I saw the last half of this on a premium movie channel and I am surprised that they played it. I kept waiting for it to improve but all I saw was one unrealistic scene after another. Avoid watching this movie.
"0", Very poor action movie: I bought this DVD because it was a bargain and because of the review I read about it.But I did not enjoy it much. The story is poor even the action scenes are not that great.It is in my opinion a poor imitation of another great movie of the genre: "Firefox" with Clint Eastwood which I really recommend.If you want an action movie and don't bother about the plot this is a good and cheap choice.
"4", Totally fun cute movie!: Love love love both of the Eloise movies!! They are adorable. Even my 3 sons aged 11-15 enjoyed them. My husband gave them a thumbs up as well. We will make Eloise at Christmastime part of our regular Christmas movie routine from now on.
"4", Very cute charming and wonderful family friendly film!: I watched this around Christmas time on the Hallmark channel with my husband and his mom. We laughed in every scene from beginning to end.When I worked for a library I took home several of the titles of the Eloise books to read to my siblings. We loved the books and now I am enjoying this refreshingly clean and fun movie series. The first one is called Eloise at the Plaza. I do hope they write more scripts and film the rest of the series.Eloise is this rambunctious loud and very mischievous child who lives in the Plaza hotel. She loves to change the way the hotel is managed with her sneaky way of stirring things up a bit. She is a charmer to some and a brat to others but as you watch you will fall in love with every part about her! I recommend the books and movies to everyone.
"4", Eloise: Eloize is a happy child who lives with her nanny in the Hotel Plaza. She knows the character's people. In way to much confusion she joins hearts and says the proprietary's hotel that he must be benefic with an aged guest.
"4", Fun for kids: I ordered this for a Christmas gift and it arrived very quickly. The young girl it was for is in mid elementary school and she loves this movie. As she watched it her younger sister (about 2nd grade) began watching with her. She loved it too. Lots of fun and Holiday stuff for the kids without being too disclosing or full of unchildlike content.
"4", Adventurous little lady with a good story: Eloise at Christmastime is a good tale with a adventurous mischief seeking young lady at the center of it all. Julie Andrews is always a favorite and does a great job in this movie as the ever-patient nanny. Kids will like the high energy of the main character while adults may become exhausted by it all (much like Julie Andrews character). But happy endings and warm fuzzies are a hallmark of the Christmas season and this movie fits the bill.
"4", Engaging endearing and rawther marvelous!: I grew up in the fifties with the Eloise books and although I thought they were cute this movie brought them to life and much more. The Eloise of the books was comical but the movie gave Eloise heart and soul beyond humor. The characters literally seemed to leap off the pages of the book and come to life. Sofia (Eloise) is as perfect in the part as a girl could be--bold saucy mischievous and good-hearted. And Julie Andrews as nanny is as nannyish as could be--authentic heartwarming and funny. I enjoyed every moment of this movie and would recommend it to everyone young and old.
"0", Poor Quality!: I purchased this starter not hardly 2 months ago and the electrical wiring burn up in it. Had it replaced with an AC-Delco by GMC (although high cost should have went this route anyway) the dealership say's it is guaranteed 12mo. or 12000 miles. Much better Warranty! This starter is garbage. I had it used for the $45.00 Core charge. Was not worth sending back!
"0", Completely Unreliable: I got one of these as a wedding present but I had a reliable Oster blender so I shelved it. My Oster gave out after 3-4 years and I fired this one up. It was very powerful but it made a burning smell whenever I used it. Then a ring appeared around the base which was oil being thrown out from the blade assembly just under the jar bottom. After less than one month of use liquid started to leak through the blade assembly onto the base. I recommend avoiding this.
"0", Cheap Piece of C....: Cheap Cheaper Cheapest.Skip this one there's much better.No documentation comes with it nor does the battery and it does not work without it.A simple battery required on the box would have done it.
"0", Badly manunufactured product: The safety fuse is welded to the board if you blow the fuse you can not replace need to buy a new one.Quality sucks.
"0", It came with something making noise inside: And was working fine. But after 1 week it broke and did not work anymore. The quality was very cheap of course so was the price. But I learned not to buy such products anymore.
"0", el-cheepo: This is way to cheaply made I am disappointed (well not really typical chinese product ). My fault to buy it.The manual in the box is for a totally different item .... not surprised.I only needed this for very simple tests so tried keep the cost low (and I have a much higher end product somewhere in the moving boxes).For anything real DO NOT buy this ...OH YES require a 9V battery which is not mentioned and not included ....
"4", Do Not Experiment: I think this is a pretty cheap set..It kept givin me weird numbers so I opened it up and soldered back one of the leads which appeared to be separated. I think I melted something because it doesn't work anymore.
"4", Excellent writing: From the start to the end the writer made good use of all the dialogues either to insert witty remarks or provide lengthy explanation within a few short carefully written sentences.The premise was with the French arms embargo after the Six Day War the fledging state of Israel found itself in danger of unable to match her enemies weaponry.In came Daniel Klein ace pilot who was invalidated due to war injury. Hatching a bold plan he and his girlfriend sought to obtain the blueprints for the Mirage the aircraft which the Israeli Air Force depend on. The only fly in the ointment was an arms dealer who was hoping to supply subsonic jets to the Israeli.The writer gave extensive background not only to the characters but also to the development of the air defence of Israel showing in a logical manner why the Mirage was priceless to Israel.The only kink in the entire story was the involvement of CIA agents at a critical point without proper explanation for their presence or stance.
"0", Not the right instrument: The keyboard requires a computer. This was not clear from the description and did not meet my needs for a simple keyboard for a young child. The ratings do not reflect the use of the item but they were required inorder to make a comment.
"4", Judy Jacobs CD No God Like Jehovah: Judy Jacobs is truly on fire for Jesus I saw her perform on TBN and her performance moved me to get up and worship when she performs her music comes alive. I plan to buy all her CDsThank-you
"0", Its clear who judy jacobs god is MONEY: Judy jacobs was clearly going for the christian conservatives rich coffers with this release. This album is blasphemy. She is selling this album just to make money  which has clearly become her god with making such a disgustingly unchristian release which goes against the FIRST COMMANDMENT she has raised a false idol washington and franklin. I wish i could give this 0 stars shame on Miz Jacobs for doing such an awful thing to our wonderful lord. No one should buy this album it goes against our savior and lord and anyone who likes this album should be ashamed and damned.
"0", Horrible audio quality prvents form ejoying the music: Well I got accustomed to the low quality of "Visual Artists International" videos and would not have bought this one if only I could get another Anna Moffo video recording of a complete opera. But what I heard here is simply below any reasonable quality standard. High notes are distorted orchestra voices are not heard at all everything is messed up. When they sing or play loudly and high you just have to shut your ears. Many old archived non-restored recordings are of better quality than this one. Total waste of money.
"0", Moffo Momento: I was really disappointed in the casting of this video. Moffo sings beautifully in dubbing but the balance of the cast is inferior to say the least. The costumes are pretty and the castle is grand but found myself totally unmoved. The Met version with Sutherland is better in my opinion even though I'm a fan of Moffo. Must remember it's done in 1968 style as well and not as much good acting as some today. Nice to have to remember Moffo however.
"0", Good vocals horrible production: First off let's be clear that I'm writing here about the Lucia di Lammermoor DVD with Anna Moffo. I'm completely confused as to the reason for the reviews here of Joan Sutherland. This production of a great Donizetti opera is simply awful. The soundtrack seems to have been recorded from a staging and does not match well with the many outdoor scenes of the film. The acting is poor a weakness shared by too many opera performers but one that can certainly be overcome in most operas. Arguably worst of all is the camera work which has the quality of a backyard home movie. I will say that the vocals here are very good thus the second star.
"0", NOT Lucia: I just opened my Moffo's version of Lucia and lo & behold inside the case was Moffo's La Traviata!I didn't send it back because it turned out to be a fine DVD but after all I was looking forward to Lucia.
"4", Dollar General: Dollar General sells the episodes individually for around $10 each but I have not found this particular DVD anywhere but Amazon.
"0", Never received the video: I never received this product. Was sent a note that it was undeliverable because they did not have the correct address. That was a falsehood since the correct address was on the note I received. I was told the charge would be taken off my account. I trust that it was. I have not ordered anything lately.
"4", Absolutely crushing Mahler!!: This is a great version of the 9th.I have particularly come to enjoy the last two movements. The neurotic elements of the 3rd and the heavenly parts of 4 sell it to me.You can't miss with this recording.Enjoy!!
"4", Great Groats!: I am going to sprout these later but currently I really feel like the price and the quality was well worth the money for these. I use them as a breakfast cereal raw and I can tell what great quality they are. Thank you!
"4", fantastic groats: I really like whole grains and these are delish. I wanted kasha (toasted groats)but they were much more expensive. I bought these and am happy to report that with just 10 minutes on the stovetop the whole bag can be toasted. I use them as my morning breakfast mixed with yogurt or heated over the stove with apples cinnamon and milk. Just for giggles I threw some groats in the garden and now I have a few lovely buckwheat plants that the bees love.
"0", Tasteless: This buckwheat is tasteless compared to Russian buckwheat. Only good thing is that it is organic. Will not order again.
"4", Good Stuff: The cooked grains are soft and creamy. Taste somewhat between a risotto and a barley. Great taste. I believe they will easily capture flavor from what ever they are cooked in or added to. I used them as a rice substitute and they taste great.Cooking time is about 4-5 minutes. Wonderful grains - would definitely order again.Here's a cooking tip: For a wonderful but healthy smooth taste add some almond oil on top!
"0", Stone in the Groats: Perhaps a one-off never to be repeated but my tooth found it causing a major dental bill. Bob's Red Mill never responded to my complaint.
"4", Yes they are RAW: For anyone who is wondering YES these are truly RAW! They will SPROUT took me about 2 days to see sproutage.
"0", Bits of gravel or something in the buckwheat.: With the first bowl I felt there was something gritty somewhere in a bite but did swallow it. The next bowl I found a little ball of rock (?) about the size of a groat very round and very very hard. I am so thankful I did not bite down on it hard enough to crack a tooth. The flavor was very good but I'm tossing it all out. Maybe I'm the only one to have this problem - but I won't be buying any more of this product.
"0", Comes out mushy: I like my buckwheat when after cooking each groat stays whole and they all are easy to separate. This one comes out as mush. Not to my liking.I love other products by this brand but this one was really disappointing.
"4", Great product: After reading the Science of Skinnywhich I have been using her guidelines on dietI had to have buckwheat grouts.I add it to my hot oatmeal in the morningadds a crunchy texture.I also mixed it into my oatmeal walnut cookiesgreat addition and is a wonder foodbalance nutritionally
"0", Crashed!!!: Mine crashed only after a year. NO OPTION FOR REPLACEMENT! and I lost all my data. I should last longer than one year!Never buy an acomdata product again!
"4", Great HD enclosure: This enclosure is very nice it is quiet and cool and very well constructed. Would definally buy this enclosure again.
"4", A very good enclosure for a hard drive: I found this product easy to use. The instillation of the hard drive was well explained in the directions and if you need more information there is plenty on the web site. It even looks good.Spend a little more for this enclosure. You will get all the cables you need for USB and Firewire.
"4", Solid dependable doesn't wreck disks!: I do video & audio so I have had a bunch o' drives in a bunch o' enclosures; I have 2 AcomData boxes (this and a USB 2.Only) and never a hiccup of any kind. For contrast I've also had drives in several generic cases (house brand from a downsizing chain...) - and EVERY ONE of the drives in those generic cases has *died*. Nothing special about any drive or its age or how its used.MORAL: don't buy cheap generic crap in an effort to save money - the time and data I lost when virtually new drives became unmountable for no reason far outweigh the money I "saved"...to say nothing of the money I had to spend to recover. These AcomDatas are good (yes I'm ordering another today!)
"0", Works Sometimes Lousy Technical Support: Was looking for a quiet firewire HD enclosure. Acomdata's product looked like it fit the bill.Pros - solid case (quiet without a fan) easy to set up had it up and running in minutes.Cons - would work for several days then just stop. Initially wouldn't work after reboots. Subsequently it seemed more random. I wasn't able to find a good pattern.Acomdata's web site states that they give free tech support for as long as you own the product and promise an email response in 3 days. Wasn't sure how they could manage such an inclusive policy but I soon found out. Tech support is entirely an illusion. 4 emails (over about 3 weeks to tech support and customer service) all went unanswered. Never received a solution to problem and I'm now looking for a more reliable solution to external storage.
"4", Cool Case: Aluminum alloy is a way if you want to avoid a fan for cooling your hard-drive. This is a well design and very sleeks looking case. I have seen LaCie and other external hard drive manufactures using Acomdata's case. Firewire and USB 2.0 are more compatible for older laptop like mine which only use firewire and the slow USB 1.1.Yes there is an On/Off switch which some external are too cheap to put on. There is plastic grill in the front to let air through. Very easy setup with big screws.One issue that I have noticed since using this case is the sound insulation. I got a noisy Seagate Hard-drive and the slim aluminum case has no sound insulation which is quiet loud at time. My old Western Digital plastic case had a quieter hard-drive. So sound level is not all about the fan it also include hard-drive mechanics.Overall it a good buy.
"0", Great... until it does not work anymore.: I have had this for about 19 months now. Had to have the power supply replaced at 11 months. Now the power supply has died again. Out of warranty at this point. What a piece of junk.
"0", Are you kidding me?: Hated these books recommended by a relative so I read them. Awkward style excessive religousity and unbelievable behavior on the part of the characters. Nobody acts like this. I wanted to slap Abby.
"0", Short-lived: This is the most intoxicating fresh and clean smell ever BUT it doesn't even last an hour. I can't even smell the fragrance by the time I get to work. I use the eau de toilette. When I sampled the Perfume spray it lasted much longer but I can't see spending $85 for a bottle of perfume. For $45 the cologne spray should last as long the cheapies don't ya think. It breaks my heart because I do LOVE this fragrance.
"0", Smells great but doesn't last: Sorry to say the fragrance doesn't last more than an hour. Also purchased the product for fresh soap or shower smell but instead it has a heavy citrus fragrance.
"0", seloc stern drives 1992-2000 marine manual: Pretty much a complete waste of money. Way too generic. I learned the hard way. Just get the manufacturers manual. Seriously I found way better information on the internet boating blogs photos how to's etc. I should have sent it back to Amazon but I got my greasy prints on the pages and I am too lazy.
"0", Disappointing: Though this CD seems to be a modern version of nursery rhymes it is so jazzed up that you can barely recognize the words. I bought the CD so my daughter could sing along with it but the way it has been sung it is very difficult for a small child to follow along. Also there a big gaps between songs. It would have been much nicer if the songs flowed from one to another especially when some of the rhymes are only a few lines long it seems very abrupt.
"4", Review of Civil War book: Love history and love reading about the civil war. You can't really get into the war without reading about the 69 th N.Y. Also am intriqued by Gen. Meagher [Marr}. Incredible that such a brave man could end up in such a inglorious way. Bet he got drunk and fell overboard. Alcohol ruined so many Irishman. Relative to the book I thought too much time was given to the soldier's musket's and photographs. A good job was done on the battles however. I always believed that to get these soldiers on these killing fields; they must have been inebriated. This book to its credit confirms this.
"0", dont know cant get a battery: my son got one of these for x-mas from his aunt and after xmas I went back to where she bought it and there was no batteries avalable any person I spoke to stated it was a seasonal item yet there was still 6 of these tony things and 3 other remotes that take this flex packso I ventured to all the other local toy stores and same problem no flex pack so now I have a 70.00 dollar toy that my son can not play withhis aunt missed placed the receipt so if I take it back they will give me the sale price of 29.99 so his aunt might as well have just walked into target and given the cashier 30.00 dollarsand left
"4", TONY HAWK FALLS APART: THE TONY HAWK THAT I GOT FOR CHIRSTMAS FELL APART IN 10 MIN WHEN I WAS USING IT THE FRONT WHEELS FELL OFF WHEN I WAS MAKING A TURN.THE WHEEL BRACKET SHOULD BE MADE OF METAL NOT PLASTIC IT WOULD HOLD UP MUCH LONGERAND I WOULD HAVE MUCH MORE FUN WITH THIS TOY.
"0", Not as Durable as advertised: I got this skateboarder for Christmas. I was so excited. My Dad put it together and we were about to go. As soon as we hit the power the front wheels broke off. My Dad was really mad saying that he hates this cheap plastic junk. But I was very upset. It was not supposed to break before I even got to play with it. My mom was ordering a new one just in case it was a defect but I won't get my hopes up as much this time.
"0", Special Battery not included: This toy really stinks if you are not familiar with it. Not sure if it is Amazon's fault or the toy maker fault. It requires a specialized battery sold seperately and there is no mention of it on Amazaon's web site. My son got this for Christmas and was all excited until he found out he couldn't play with it until we found the specialized battery.
"0", Make sure you purchase the battery - SOLD SEPERATELY: I purchased the Tyco Tony Hawk RC in early November for my son for Christmas. NOT INCLUDED was the recharagable battery pack something that needed to be purchased separately. NO WHERE in the description of the item was this noted so on Christmas morning we found a gift which we could not use. I had plenty of time to purchase this if I had known - but did not. I count on Amazon.com to let me know what the package requirements are. This should have been an automatic linked purchase that needs to be refused rather than discovered well after the purchase.
"0", Not too impressive.....: My son wanted this for Christmas and at the time there was only one review which was favorable so I ordered it. I am really disappointed in it and my son is too. It keeps falling over and sure it gets up on its own but how fun is that when it continuously falls? It is hard to even keep it going in a straight line without tipping. All in all a disappointment. The only fun is watching our dog bark at it. Too spendy for this toy. I would NOT recommend it. My son who is nine in his words says that it is "frustrating" and "disappointing". Save your money and buy something worth while!!!!!
"0", What the heck: If I go out and buy a new car I hope it comes with a battery.If I get a hamburger is there not meat included in the deal.I thought i was getting a great deal(didnt read the fine).but now I have to hunt down a flexpack.I`m heading out to get a snowcone nowi hpe it comes with some flavoring and not just ice.and by the way not every hobby shop has this battery pack
"0", Cheap shot: Why would anyone sell a toy that you can't use unless you buy a seperate battery pack? What good is the toy without the (just as expensive) battery pack? This is marketing at its worst! If you can't use it without the battery pack why wouldn't they include it?!
"0", beware of tony hawk!: Before purchasing Tony Hawk Skateboard ... be aware that it requires a ...battery pak to operate it. OF COURSE the battery pak is not included with the purchase. This is obviously a marketing strategy to make it appear that you're not paying [more money] for a TOY. The other frustrating thing about this is that I (my son) have had his Tony Hawk since late November and I have not been unable to find a battery pak to buy. [The store] where I made the purchase NEVER has the battery in stock. Your only alternative is to buy it online ...and pay ... additional [money] for shipping
"0", NOT AS COOL AS IT LOOKS ON TV!!!: They really made this one look a lot better on the TV commercial. I was expecting skateboard style stunts but this thing runs more like a slow car. I did like how it stands up automatically if it falls but sadly that is the only cool feature of this toy. I returnde it and got R/C Battlebots instead.
"0", you need more information: You failed to indicate that this toy required an additional battery pack that was not included. I did not realize this and my son was not able to play with this on Christmas. I also am not able to find this battery so I purchased a $...toy that cannot be used. I am very disappointed.
"0", Deceptive and disappointing: What a disappointment for my 2 grandsons when on Christmas Eve they were allowed to open just one present each.They chose to open the gifts from their grandfather and me They could not work the toys as there needed to be a POWER PACK ? of some sort to make it work. This was DEFINATELY not clear to me when I ordered the items. The boys tried to make usnot feel bad but it was embarrassing and a real let down. Now we are running all over trying to find these PACKS and they can't be found !!!!! And buying these additional parts makes it more expensive then we planned...that is IF we can find them. What do we do with these worthless pieces of junk NOW ???
"0", Batteries not included!!: When they say batteries not included what they really mean is your child will be super disappointed when they open this RC toy up and can't use it since it requires a special rechargeable battery (sold seperately). Why they would sell this item without the battery is beyond comprehension. Two thumbs down Tyco!!
"0", Diana Ross Live - The Lady sings>>>: Quality concert average Quality off the DVD very badYou paid for new and they send you a second hand DVD who spring every half hour back to a earlier part of the concert. very irritant!!! Last time I buy somethingby Amazon.com!!!!
"4", Diana reigns supreme: I have this concert on VHS taped from TV when it was broadcast here in the nineties. I loved the whole show especially the breathtaking beautiful 'Strange fruit' performed a-cappella by Ross. I desperately want this once in a lifetime concert on DVD but the only copies available are region code 1. Why on earth isn't this released in all region format?
"0", time to retire Diana: she can't find a melody she can't interpret a lyric she CANNOT sing jazz I doubt she can even spell the word.Self-serving she is more concerned to kiss her male friends as she walks around the room to try to dispell her selfish image. Top rate musicians on hand are a waste as they are forced to wade through tepid arrangements that could induce deep sleep in an insomniac.This woman made it by having great songs and a sound studio with a huge echo chamber and a microphone with high reverb. And it didn't hurt that she "rode the hobby horse" with Gordy Berry.But she can't sing live to save the world.Stick to the real singers of this genre: Ella Sarah Betty Carter Diane Krall
"4", DIVINE DIANA: Finally Motown has released this fabulous concert on DVD. Diana shines in this jazz concert that she first presented on pay per view. She looks wonderful and sounds divine and although she is not known as a jazz singer she takes these songs and puts her own distinctive stamp on them. This DVD is well worth buying and it will have to do until Paramount finally releases "Lady Sings The Blues" on DVD.
"0", Piece Of Crap: I hate this thing. actually it only worked once. i got a few songs on it. now it is incapable of reading anything and i intend on replacing it in the near future. avoid at all costs. id recomend mp3 cd or high mp3 player such as the ones made by Rio and the apple ipod for you mac owners
"4", A review: DreamQuest is a story about Tharthur and Derlin's exciting journey to the land of Daranor to save their world from evil. Along the way they learn about the meaning of love and friendship the reality of vulnerability and fears and the power of perseverance. Tharthur's dream and the journey that follows it is one that we all in a sense seek after. That is the desire to conquer evil to fall in love to be the hero and to make friends with unlikely people is alive in all of us.Readers will enjoy the writer's style throughout the story as he combines humor and suspense that makes every flip of the page exciting. The book takes the readers far away to a mystical land yet cleverly includes everyday dilemmas that we all face (the boys' encounter with the beautiful ladies is a wonderful example!). I thoroughly enjoyed reading DreamQuest and I highly recommend it to anyone who lives to see their greatest dreams come true!
"4", Kept me on the edge of my seat: If you like Tolkein Barron Brooks or McCaffery then you'll enjoyDreamQuest. It has adventure magic friendship romance and tragedy.Itkept me on the edge of my seat. I can't wait for the next bookDreamQuest2: ProphecyQuest. I give this book four stars.Prairie Middle School 8th Grader
"4", Excellent: The book Dream Quest easily earns five out of five stars. Its plot is rich with unique characters glorious and terrible places and magic the foundation of fantasy. Though the descriptions are always so realistic that they practically draw you in you never find yourself reading the third page of a description of a building. This book is an appealing read to both obsessive fantasy readers and those who can't tell a dragon from a lizard. This is because Dream Quest combines both well known fantasy components (Elves Goblins Wizards etc.) and its own concepts (four elemental powers and the land of Daranor). In other words I would highly recommend this book for any who dares brave the dangers the Death Lord the evil of Marhyn and the magic of the land of Daranor.
"4", Elderly Reader Pleasantly Surprised by Dreamquest: As a woman of advanced age I am not into fantasy literature. After seeing commercials for "Harry Potter" and "Lord of the Rings" I knew I did not want to see the movies. But since "Dreamquest" was highly recommended by a friend I figured I'd better read itWhat a pleasant surprise!It is a very interesting story and as the plot unfolded I found myself wanting to know what was going to happen next who would live and who would die and how was it all going to end.I loved the subtle bits of humor that popped up now and then.A very well written book.
"4", A heroic adventure: Dreanquest is a fine epic full of colorful characters drama suspense and action. The fate of the world hinge on the courage of two young men after a mysterious dream sets them on their destined paths. Will they succumb to the evil that wishes to control the forgotten powers of centuries past and enslave the magical races of Daranor? Or will Tarther and Derlin rise above unconquerable odds and unite the Kingdoms in a final attempt to rid the world of evil?A fluid and witty style set Tarthur and Derlin up on an enchanted ride to greatness. Though they hardly lack in confidence they will need all the support they can get. Elves merfolk wizards and the Creator himself have recognized the importance of their quest and make the ultimate sacrifice to insure that Daranor doesn't fall into the shadows.A must read! Dreamquest has everything a fantasy lover needs!
"4", My Favorite Tori Amos CD: Led Zepplin The Rolling Stones Nirvana -- all covered by Tori Amos on one CD what more do you need to hear. . . as if that isn't reason enough to purchase this album this very moment. . . Amos' version of "Thank You" originally done by Led Zep is amazing and her mournful "anngie" on the Stones "Angie" will leave you quaking. Just buy it -- you will see what I mean.
"4", really good!: i'm not a diehard tori amos fan but i have to say this album is great. her voice has a way of making any song sound like a haunting beautiful masterpiece. it's so poignant that she even has the ability to bring tears to your eyes (just listen to her "smells like teen spirit"; i almost cried). buy this you wont regret it!
"4", "Figures that my courage would choose to sell out now...": Cucify by Tori Amos is a great cd single. This cd also contains three covers: The Rolling Stones beautiful ballad Angie. Led Zepplin's Thank You and Nirvana's Smells Like Teen Spirit. Tori successfully makes each song her own this woman is amazingly talented. She plays the piano like no one else and the way she sings these covers gives you chills. Gorgeous and haunting ballads this is one EP you won't regret getting. Buy it today!
"4", Alot of reviews for just 5 songs...: As a casual fan the only other Tori Amos disc I own is "Under The Pink" and I'm not the biggest fan of EP's or CD singles but these five songs are wonderful. I admit I got this for the covers and it was my best decision of the week. It's true that "Angie" (Stones) "Smells Like Teen Spirit" (Nirvana) and "Thank You" (Zeppelin) are all done in a very simplistic and beautiful way. These are the kind of covers worth doing in my opinion. Quite moving really. Her own two tracks are just as good I might add but not a big deal if you own her debut album. I now wait for a full album of covers from her besides "Strange Little Girls" and it would be fine with me to see these three on there again.
"0", save your cash: The three covers are tepid and dull. The two originals are excellent (IMHO "Winter" is one of her best songs) but they're available on the full-length *Little Earthquakes*. Pick that up instead. I bought *Crucify* at a swap meet for a dollar and I'm not sure it was worth it.
"0", Mediocre: This EP could have been better. I didn't like Tori's cover of "Smells Like Teen Spirit". If you are a Tori Amos fan and would like to hear covers of songs by male artists then buy "Strange Little Girls". I do love the song "Crucify" though.
"0", boring: i hate when people say that they like someones cover of a song better then the orriginal song and that there better. they cant be better the person who wrote it is obvoiusly better at it. Nirvanas smells like teen spirit has angst passion and is haunting. sorry people but tory amos didnt get any of this. she got popular from doing a nirvana song how stupid is that? do your own songs unless your doing a different one for fun.
"0", No nirvana covers!: There just aren't enough reasons why nobody especially Tori Amos should touch Nirvana's music with a ten foot pole. For the same reasons that nobody covers Stairway to Heaven or Thriller likewise should nobody cover Teen Spirit. I don't care how influential the song was in Tori Amos' life there is nothing more selfish than taking a generation-defining song and making one cent off of it. It is out of respect for the artist and more importantly the music that it should be let alone. If Amos had covered the song now over ten years later perhaps it would be forgiveable. But Nirvana was still alive and kicking when Crucify was released in 1992 and Amos did nothing but butcher an upcoming classic and steal Cobain's thunder.
"4", A Small Treat For Tori Listeners: This EP has two songs on it from "Little Earthquakes" two classic rock tunes and the Nirvana "Smells Like Teen Spirit" which is absolutely haunting. The acoustic version of the three non-LP tracks are fascinating! She needs to put out more like this!
"4", Contains very pretty and well done remakes.: If you enjoy covers of famous songs and you're a Tori fan this is for you. The remix of Crucify is always getting stuck in my head.
"4", Mostly for the teen spirit...: I liked this CD but mostly for Tori's version of "Teen Spirit". Hey now I finally understand most of the words to the song!
"4", Ice Blanket: I cut the blankets in half and use them as flexible ice packs for my knee after tennis. I carry the wrap in a small Igloo ice chest. Very handy. The pack's individual squares of gell do tend to leak with prolong use but I haven't found a better alternative.
"0", Poor Quality: I bought this carrier to take my 9 lb cat onboard an aircraft during a move. The carrier fits well under airline seats but the top zipper broke the third time it was opened. The zipper broke in such a way that it was unfixable so I had to pin the top to contain my cat for the rest of the layover and last flight.
"0", Tabloid "Scholar": In the modern discourse between those of faith and the skeptic it is possible to have rational/analytical discussions without regressing into mean-spirited diatribes. The are countless books available written by skeptical biblical scholars of such nature. Our society is replete with biblical scholars who don't have axes to grind and are devoted to studying scripture in a scholarly manner. MR. WHELESS IS NOT ONE OF THEM. A judge/lawyer does not a biblical scholar make. So far as I know N.T. Wright and Marcus Borg don't write books on the U.S. Constitution.Stick with the real scholars not angry lawyers.
"4", A superb legalistic indictment of Christianity -- timeless.: Originally published in 1930 the arguments in this book (using referenced quotations from the defendent (Christianity) to present the case of the prosecution) are timeless. Wheless writes with the clarity of a practiced legal mind and exposes evidence rarely (if ever before) seen or considered by the duped victims of the subject -- does all the work for you but you can check the references.
"4", Too Hostile for Today: I agree with all of his information and it is vitally needed to counter the sanctimonous powers today; but his style is too hostile and erudite. It will not appeal to anyone on the fence; and his sentences are too complex for general instruction. This information is important but a more modern presentation is needed.
"4", BASICS...AND THEN SOME: I only gave this book a 4 out of 5 stars b/c it has alot of basics that we as parents already know (or most of us do!) Overall it's a fun read and has fun activity pages in the back - I'm glad I have it but I've seen better :o)
"0", this book is awful: this book is pathetic. if you want a great book on babycare look no further than the baby book by william and martha sears. then you won't be wasting your money.
"4", You can here the rat a tat tat and smell the adrenaline!: One of the best books ever written on boxing specifically amature boxing. The author definately got into the fighter's interior as to why they do what they do. Describes details about the complex relationship between trainer and boxer. William Plummer tries himself a go at the ring by sparring with the best fighter in the gym only to find out that a key ingredient needed to fight is the animal instinct of defeating your opponent and inflicting pain (something he found he did not have which is something that cannot be said about writing since this man can definately write!). If you want to find out about the inner workings of young men raised in urban areas with little escape from their surroundins except by jail death or by entering the ring this book will provide that and much more! Also recomended on boxing are "The Sweet Science" by A.J. Liebling "On Boxing" by Joyce Carol Oates "To Swallow a Toad" by Robert Preston Wood.
"4", Truely Universal Fit: I bought 2 of these. I have seats with headrests and wasn't sure how they would fit or look but bought them anyway since they looked good. They actually fit really well went on without much problem (about 10 minutes or less for each one) <probably less I was putting them on in direct sunlight on cloth seats and was very humid so it felt like they were trying to stick to the seat.My only complaint was that in the instructions it said they came with 2 S-hooks to connect the elastic straps under the seat.Mine didn't come with any in either box but I just used zip ties and they work jut fine.In the picture it looks like the cover is black with grey in the middle and light grey flames but mine looked more like all black with silver flames and a white outline around the flames.Looks good just wanted to let people know.I love mine!
"0", Professional (?) ... defective out-of-box: Unit was defective out-of-the-box. Middle digit of display was missing bottom half. Quickly got tired of guessing so requested replacement. One (+) week lost in wait ... not to mention having to buy a cheap substitute to replace a "professional" product.
"4", Road to Avonlea Season 4: Have shared this with many families! Well done excellent video (the whole series as well!) Highly recommended and loved the price.
"4", Road to Avonlea Season 4: There are not enought stars to rate these shows. All seasons are wonderful. My daughter has them all and watches them over and over. If you are into good clean entertaning TV then you would love these. Anything from Kevin Sullivan is great. The next best one from Kevin is Wind At My Back Series. They are wonderful!
"0", Defective set: I have been sent two sets of Road to Avonlea season 4. You sent me a replacement after I reported that dics 3 & 4 contained the same episodes. However the replacement set had the same problem. I sent back the first set you sent me and have kept for now the second one in hopes that the problem can be remedied and you will be able to send the intact set at which time I will return the second defective set.
"4", Love this series: There is just everything to love about this series. We wait for a lazy Sunday and then watch the whole season!
"0", Picture quality dark.: We love the Avonlea series and were willing to pay for a good quality DVD.Season 3 and 4 are both dark in all scenes that are not outside. Plus there are 2 identical discs in Season 4 so we are missing one entire disc that has 4 episodes on it. It makes me wonder if these aren't a poorly duplicated product made cheaply and quickly for pure profit.
"0", Road to Avonlea -The complete fourth volume: I was sent two (2) Disc #3's and NO Disc #4. I truly love the series and would like for you to send me Disc #4 of the Fourth Volume of "Road to Avonlea." Please send instructions on how I am to return the extra Disc #3. Thank you.
"0", Sub Par: This movie is kinda slow taking off and in my opnion was slow threw out if I had the choice I would have probely rented insted
"4", Harry and max: great moving. loved it want to see more movies a great price. my frist time ordering any thing from this site. __
"0", One of the Worst Hiking Guides I've Ever Read: This is one of the worst hiking guides I've ever read. The text is nothing but how to get from point A to point B but even the skeleton descriptions are difficult to follow as the text often refers to roads trails and markers not found on the map. The maps typically relate to 2-3 hikes but the hikes are not even numbered on the maps so it is not easy to figure out what the text descriptions are referring to.
"0", Very unprofessional as well as slapstick: I found this dvd below Miss Sills. It is very slapstick with slapping each other on thr backside. It was filmed in Washington D C and may be catering to that type of audience. Certainly this opera with Joan Sutherland is far superior.
"0", Donizetti - The Daughter of the Regiment: We didn't like this Opera because there is no subtitle they sing in English even though my husband was professor in College and he is American born also graduated from Pepperdine and USC University; he isn't understand either. I was born in Thailand my native language is Thai so I really didn't understand indeed and I felt sleep all the way from the beginning.We are really upset for this DVD.
"4", Brings the sunshine to a dreary winter day: Maybe because I love the color blue but I took one look at this book and fell in love. The book consists of a sampler with many beautiful designs and additional projects that can be made using the individual blocks in striking and interesting designs for a completely different look. There are pillows door toppers mantel pieces and so on that are paper-pieced appliqued quilted and sewn in this lovely book that will be sure to cure the "blues" on a winter's day. I wouldn't be without it.
"4", Rare and wonderful - upbeat folk music: Nate Borofsky is part of Girlyman a fresh new folk group that played recently at Club Passim. Their performance really thrilled the crowd so I picked up a copy of Nate's solo album afterwards. Since then it has been playing non-stop in my stereo. This is music you want to sing along with and will hum in your head when it's over. There is pleasing complexity to explore in the music and the lyrics have punch. Now I am hooked on this catchy style and really looking forward to the next Girlyman CD as well! Treat yourself to this you will be glad you did.
"4", Beautiful and funny: Nate is a great lyricist. He has a gorgeous voice as seen on songs like "Beautiful Boy." But he also has a touch of Fred Schneider of the B-52s on some songs. It's a nice mix.Since this CD Nate has teamed up with Doris Muramatsu and Ty Greenstein of the Garden Verge to form the new band Girlyman. It's fun to hear how different the version of "Viola" here is from the one on the Girlyman CD.Girlyman is getting big so get this while you can.
"0", No wall brackets(?): Why does Amazon/Rubbermaid use a stock photo showing additional (optional) items??? I am referring to the wall brackets as the two other one-star reviewers did. The title calls this a "kit". It is only a shelf/rod assembly not a kit. I too purchased this item believing everything in the picture was included. Since I waited too long before opening the package I was unable to return it and I am forced to purchase additional items which I feel should be included with this so-called kit. The least Amazon could do is change the title. What I wish they would do is send me the brackets without charge.
"0", WARNING!: Although the picture shows the uprights that you attach to the wall it does not come with them and you cannot order them so this was useless for my needs. Had to send both of them back.
"0", Don't expect to hang this without spending additional money: As someone previously mentioned this is not a kit. It does not include the necessary brackets to hang into walls. You cannot hang this item with out the brackets....... Buy brackets if you expect to hang this item.
"0", mislead: Just like the prior review I saw the picture and thought this was a 4 ft closet system. However It does not include the hanger nor uprights. Its just two shelves and a rod. Worthless to me!
"4", AWESOME!: I LOVE this book! If you liked the other Cirque du Freak books then you will also love this one. This one is the start of a journey with Darren Mr. Crepsley and Harkat (and some others) who go out to find and kill the Vampaneze Lord. READ THE BOOK TO FIND OUT MORE! :) I love all the Cirque du Freak books because it seems like Darren Shan needs to write about 20 more to actually finish the whole entire story! This one is just as good as the rest! Totally a must read!
"4", Another good book in the series: In this book Darren Harkat and Mr Crepsly leave Vampire Mountain by advice from Mr Tiny in search of the Vampeneze Lord who they learn has been blooded.I thought that this book was really good - I read it in one sitting - and more lighthearted than the previous book - The Vampire Prince - which I had thought was a bit too depressing. Recomended for fans of the series.
"0", Not much of anything: I did not really think there was much to this book. It was not particularly scary or funny or interesting. It looks like its just one more freaky thing for kids and like we don't deserve good writing. Dont buy it.
"4", Blood never tasted so good: "Hunters of The Dusk" is the seventh novel in the best selling Cirque Du Freak series. Vampire Prince and still just a teenage boy Darren and Mr.Crepsley are chosen by the frightful Mr. Tiny or so called Mr. Destiny to trek on a life or death or mission to find and slay the Vampeneze lord before he gets his full powers. They meet strange denizens on the way who fight by there side or watch laugh. Author Darren Shan's vivid detail and original voice will keep you glued to your seats in horror excitement and disgustment.Darren Shan's Cirque Du Freak first caught my eye when I heard they were about vampires and "hunters". I like how Darren's writing can post a perfect picture in your mind about what's happening and what's about to happen. Darren's writing has no flaws and his storyline has no flaws as well. "Hunter of the Dusk" is a great novel and Darren Shan is a great author
"4", Flabergasting: It's full of surprise and shock most of you would agree.Darren is in fates way.The end will surprise you..... hopefully
"4", Transplanted: Where I live we don't have record stores... pretty much all our goods comes from walmart. We don't even have broadband internet so downloading music is not possible. Amazon helped me get my music fix by offering this album at a low price and fast shipping. The album is great though it takes getting used to. I really like how Tim is able to experiment with his musical style in these albums however I would say not all the songs are to my liking (but then again I can't think of any album I liked all the songs).
"4", Soothing Island Music for the whole Family: We visited the Ko'Olina coast on Oahu last summer and had the priviledge of meeting Chris Rego. He was playing in the evening- poolside. What an experience !! Whenever we want to be "transported" back to our wonderful time in Hawaii we just slip in this CD. This gentleman is one in a million in his character and his style. Young and old alike enjoyed him. Talented guitarist and soothing voice.
"4", Tony Hawk Rocks: My role model is Tony Hawk as soon as I saw the commercial for this I knew it was for me. I love it when he crashes you can get him back up. I went to my park to use it and an old lady complimented me on it to little kids went by and they liked it. If you have everything Tony Hawk then buy this. I also have THPS3THPS2and THPS1 and a lot of other Tony Hawk things I am even in his club at clubtonyhawk.com and I go to his games website planettonyhawk.com. So go out and buy this toy for your kid. If you need a battery pack and charger [a] local [store] probably might have one. Now That's All Folks.
"0", not such a great deal.: I purchased this item for $9.99 which i taught was a great deal. after receiving it. I relized the batterypack and charger were not included in the box. you have to purchase it separately for around $34.00 plus shipping.
"0", not a good toy: tony hawk skateboard is not a good toy; It doesn't have it's own battery pack so you have to buy one separately. you end up spending almost $100.-- just to get it working. It fell apart in 2 places the first half hour of using it. if anyone has an unopened package send it back or take it back. an unworthy toy!
"4", Souse!: The toy was fun but falls down constantly and broke during the first day of use. The front truck barely bumped a wall and broke off.
"0", cruelty: Mr. Foiles has been convicted in both the US and Canada for violations to the Migratory Bird Act and cruelty to animals.Many of the scenes in these videos show his disregard for any hunting ethics.
"4", BUY IT NOW IT'S THE BEST!: Holy ... there is soooo much stuff on this dvd it will keep you busy forever I swear!!! It has a WHOLE CONCERT by them where the do all of their hits plus a ton more! It has all of their home made videos(like 8 or 9) that are funny as ... It has all of their music videos even both versions of makes no difference. It even has the making of in too deep and the different cuts from fat lip and in too deep. THERE IS TOO MUCH STUFF TO LIST ON HERE! I HIGHLY RECOMMEND EVEN IF YOU AREN'T SURE IF YOU LIKE THEM OR NOT! thanks!
"4", Hilarious! Everything a Sum 41 Fan Wants and More!: In my day I've seen a ton of band DVDs but none is as funny or as entertaining as Introduction To Destruction. Its filled with funny commentary nudity lesbians and more! It includes over two hours of footage including a sold out concert filmed in England special commentary from the band behind the scenes looks and outakes of Sum 41's In Too Deep and Fat Lip videos home movies that were shot before they started their careers and TONS of backstage footage to keep you entertained for hours! What more could you possibly want? So whether you like Sum 41 or are just looking for a good laugh buy this DVD today. You WONT be disapointed.
"4", The younger brother of Joseph: My husband and I bought this CD while travelling in Prague in 1998. I never had heard anything composed by Michael Haydn before and this disc was a complete surprise to me. Beautiful music excellent orchestra and choir excellent balance between them full and rounded sound. And I only could listen to this CD twice! A friend of ours borrowed it and it was stolen from his car (!) (lucky thief!)
"0", Riddled with errors: Like other Schaum's Outlines books this one contains hundreds of exercises that offer the reader continuous practice. However in this case it is obvious that the editors failed to check the exercises and answers before publication. I made it to exercise 11 in chapter 1 where I hit the fourth error. In this case the answer key has a declension for a different noun than the one in the main text! As an unreliable answer key is fatal for self-study - particularly in an introductory text - I discarded this book and started reading another. Latin is difficult enough as it is: Slapdash editing is simply unacceptable.A corrected version of this text might well be worthwhile for Latin students but I strongly recommend against the purchase of this book until the book details clearly state that it is "corrected" or "revised". Schaum's Outlines ought to recall and destroy their stock immediately and reprint the book with corrections.
"0", Don't buy this: My son had a similar toy by Spinmaster called Vectron Phazor. After lots of use we decided to buy another one for his brother. This toy looks identical to the one we had expect for the remote. So I bought it thinking it would be just the same. It broke almost immediately. Something with the remote or hardware on the toy. I do not recommend this toy. I would recommend the other brand (Spinmaster: Vectron Phazor) but I don't think you can find them any more.
"4", Awesome: I love these flying toys. They're safe obnoxious a very entertaining to fly around. I heavily play with the toys and consequently break them after a few dozen hours. This product is my 3rd purchase in 3 years and I have to say it's the most durable and powerful revision yet. Highly recommended for parks and college campuses.DO NOT FLY NEAR WATER:D
"0", Controlled disappointment: The company we got this from was awesome! We had gotten one of these and it was defected. We were shipped another one with no charge for the replacement....again it didn't work. My 10 year old though is a great kid and said it didn't bother him that it didn't work. (He had paid for it with his own money.) He told his younger brother not to bother with the same toy. The company though was really great....too bad the toy didn't work well.
"0", Got different product than what the picture shows: The remote was completely different. The flying saucer was extremely small. The charger didnt fit in the charger slot. I did not get what I purchased. I am angry and would like what I purchased. Please send it to me. My cousin has this product: his is larger and can be charged. I think I should be able to keep the defect as a simple gift for the inconvinience.
"0", Mazda REPU Clutch Kit: First clutch kit was completely wrong application. Returned it. I talked directly to supplier and ordered another clutch kit. I again talked to supplier because the second clutch cover needed to be machined to work. The clutch disc couldn't be modified so it couldn't be used so I used a disc I had.Now the clutch works. The supplier was very helpful and knowledgeable. The problem is the clutch set just was not the right one for my application. I would use the supplier again.
"0", Not so great...: The whole thing is made pretty cheaply and it broke on me after a few hours of use. it really didn't help that much with dust control either. I would not recomend this to a friend.
"4", Remodeling: Doing a complete redo on an old house. This unit connections to the shop-vac and really keeps the dust down while sanding the joint compound as we're prepping the new walls for texture and paint. It works well. Looked at renting a unit they had one but not the supplies for it so after finding this one on Amazon decided to give it a try. It has more than paid for itself and was well worth the purchase for DYI folks like us.
"4", Great product: The product is great and eliminates dust very well. I have the hand held version which works great but I needed the this version to work on ceilings and walls that were out of reach of the hand held version. Good stuff.
"0", No use don't buy it: My 2yr old daughter sucks her 2 middle fingers I read the review and ordered it thru amazon. I applied it on her finger nails and she tried sucking it and did not like the taste after 2-3 attempts she got used to it and started sucking her fingers again. I paid $14 for no use. Try some thing else for kids it migth be useful for adults.
"4", Great Nail Hardener: I used this product after a friend recommended it and found it to be amazing. The Mavala Scientifique is an incredible nail hardener- on bare nails or over polish it seems to work well for both. Although many of the reviews listed here are for another product meant to discourage nail biting the one I am specifically pointing out is the "penetrating nail hardener" which is truly great.
"4", Canon VB-C50i camera has great optics: My office is high up in a building facing south where I have great views of a mall hotels a marina with hundreds of yachts an island off the coast and beautiful sunsets behind all of that -- in other words many objects to enjoy looking at. I installed the Canon security camera on my desktop computer and use it to pan and zoom around -- watching boats people and the weather -- all for fun. The 22x optical zoom and low light capabilities allowed me to capture a still frame of a cresecent moon with crators visible. Late in the day images are sillouhetted against the setting sun. There is a button on the controler which allows you to adjust for that illuminating the immage in the shadow to see details. I am only beginning to understand all of the functionality built into this great product.
"0", Wish I could actually GET it!: What lousy service! I ordered this months ago and still haven't seen it. I am finally cancelling my order.
"4", Living Positively One Day at a Time: I enjoy reading this book daily because it strengthens my faith in Almighty God. The title alone inspires me. I have always admired Dr. Robert Schuller's spiritual words of wisdom. Although the year of the book is 1982 the words of our Lord are always alive and can be used in all circumstances we find ourselves. It is highly recommended!
"4", Do not trust the government: The poster came in very quickly through UPS and the poster was in good condition. Always love UPS and Pink Floyd!
"4", A gift for my teenage son: The poster is hanging on his bedroom wall now. He likes it very much. The poster shipped quickly and is very nice.
"0", Not for me: I found this extremely unwieldly and difficult to use. Plus the rubber "stoppers" fell off while I was trying to get it to work which I never accomplished. I sent it back. Very disappointed.
"0", Bad movie bad DVD: What a mess. The story which deals with snuff films in Poland is treated as an action/comedy(!) it's impossible to follow and it's shot with the shakiest nausea-inducing hand held camera since Blair Witch. The editing mimics that of a bad rock video and the result is an indecipherable bomb. On top of that the DVD mastering is faulty the picture plays back "squeezed" as if it had anamorphic processing but it cannot be unsqueezed with any of the available settings in a DVD player. Hard to believe that nobody noticed this before the disc came out. Movie quality aside this release is defective and should be recalled.
"0", Not just the laziest shopper: While I enjoyed Ms. Gallagher's first book and a few of her articles in magazines it appears she was not at her best here. If I want advise on how to shop on the internet or at discount house's she gives a lot of names but not much on the substaince of purchasing. This book should include the statement "the self proclaimed laziest research write" not the laziest shopper.
"0", bargins are great puns are tiring: This book has some wonderful tips for shopping. Stephanie has great ideas and presents the facts well. It is very boring reading through all of her little stories to get to the information I am looking for in this book. I wish there was a way to get her information and not have to read her whinning and telling us how awful thing are in her life.
"4", Best of Poete Simaro Vol. 2 (w/Franco) Would Be Better Title: This Ngoyarto disco comes in at 78 1/2 minutes so it was a great value for me at 9 bucks. These are all Simaro Massiya Lutumba compositions. This disc should not be confused with the Franco TPOK Jazz Sonodisc record of the same name. I love this collection because it contains the original Franco T.P. OK Jazz recordings some songs which I still don't have in my rather large Franco collection. I had never heard "Mace" before and it knocked me out. These nine compositions are beautiful and will make you float to heaven.
"0", Poor Quality: These pads work okay but when un-boxed all of the 10 had clumped glue in the area where they are glued together. It meant I had to use a junk piece to sand down the extra glue before I could start using on my project. The overall quality could definitely be better and I'd think twice before purchasing.
"0", Not Too Effective: Delivery was fine and on time.Unfortunately it really didn't do a good job the 1st time a second application was tried. The carpet to which the product was applied is old and possibly not the best selection for a test Even with 2 applications the traffic area was not really clean.
"0", Cleans great but what a mess!: I think this cleans as good as any product and the price is right so I gave it a "hoot". Well I did a 3x4 area and it looks so much better but I will NEVER be able to get the residue out of the rug. Already cleaned the filter twice on the vacumm and it's going to need a good wash and still residue leaving dust on the non-carpeted surfaces. Just hope it doesn't hurt my cats when they get it in their paws and start licking! I'll never do this again rather pay the $100 for a professional cleaning and have it done and over with. I'll be paying for this mistake for weeks.
"4", Amazing!: This figure is one of my favorite spider man figures that i have right now. This figure is pretty poseable and old school. I am a really big fan of the mcfarlane eyes. It may not be as great as any other spider man figure out there but i definitely recommend this figure.
"0", No ink!: These arrived with the ink dried up in all three pens. Must be a super old product in the seller's inventory. Cute design and nice size but have to send them back.
"4", Super!: The pens arrived sooner than the anticipated delivery date! I'm pleased. I got these for my daughter as a "just because" gift. She absolutely LOVES Disney princesses and I can't wait for her to get them. Very happy.
"4", Very enlightening: I have personally taken a few yoga classes in the past and found that we jumped right into the different postures which is quite uncomfortable (physically and mentally) when you are not sure of what you are doing.Solana goes through a yoga "lesson" if you will explaining the meaning behind the posture and where to guide our heart and spirit while we are in posture.This video moves slowly but personally that is what I was looking forward to.She is gentle with her students and gives you a true chance to learn.If your looking for power yoga this is not it. If you are wanting to get in touch with the spirit and quiet your mind while opening your heart to your higher power I think you will be very happy with this video.
"0", 5 Stars for Bruce Lee 0 for this DVD set!!: I have to strongly agree with the previous review...and in fact because these are sooo scratch filled poorly dubbed  missing footage junk...I investigated and found that in the UK they have a great set with original language and subtitles  made from original film without edits and poor saturation and other contrast anomolies that mar this crappy set. The only problem is you need a PAL converter to play the UK sets....BUT ....I found on eBay the 30th anniversary collection from Korea and just received it....at about twice this price...but oh my the package is amazing... a beautiful book....bound like a wedding album...and the movies? The transfers are STUNNING....plus they have bonus interviews  trailers etc....After watching the Korean edition ....I put this set back in and it really made me sick...really poor quality....and for an Icon like Bruce Lee? If he were alive he would kick the butts of the profiteers at the company issueing this garbage!
"0", Defective VHS Tapes: The Bruce Lee VHS collection I received from Morebooks25 were all defective. None of these tapes played correctly and this was not the worst of it. Several of these tapes had a sticky material on them that physically damaged my three VCR machines. Even worse I suspect that it was known that these tapes were bad before they were shipped to me. Two of the tapes could not even be rewound to play them and all of the tapes had/have a horrible sewer stinch to them.While I will not purchase used VHS tapes again I will never purchase any product from Morebooks25.AVOID THIS SELLER LIKE THE PLAGUE!
"0", Box set lacking: Its a shame that the priveledged company owning the rights to release four of Bruce Lee's movies would not do it correctly. I gave the box set two stars and thats just because Bruce Lee is in it. The dvd's offer no added features. The picture quality in Fists of Fury is awfull! the American 'John Wayne' voice dubbing for Bruce was even worse. I would have rather had the option to read subtitles and hear the original chinese soundtrack.Summary: Don't buy this. I would recommend finding a Chinese release of these movies with a English subtitle or waiting for the set to be re-done because this set doesn't even begin to match the quality that Bruce Lee deserves.
"0", BIG DISAPPOINTMENT-STAY AWAY: This was a big nothing! If you are looking for great footage of Bruce and his martial arts talent then this is not for you. Most of the focus is on acting characters and weak interviews rather than on Bruce. Boring and a waste of money. I was letdown enough to write this review.
"0", DON"T BUY!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!: It is horrbleno fightingno storyno nothing.Just a piece of Sh#t.
"4", An excellent but incomplete set.: Excellent digital re-mastering of Bruce Lee's classics. Unfortunately it's missing "Enter The Dragon" which you'll have to order separately since it's owned by WB and not CBS/FOX the publishers of the set. This set is simply incomplete without it. I urge the people at Amazon to bundle them in a promotion.
"0", No good if one has Windows Vista: If you have Windows Vista do not buy this as the company who makes them does not know computers are sold with Windows Vista now and do not offer any drivers for Vista. I guess they make money on the next one that does use Windows Vista. Stay Away if you have windows vista
"0", HERE WE GO AGAIN....: No I do no take Kiss seriously. But at least in their best years the released a lot of classic rock albums with great tunes that influenced literally hundreds of bands to come.But in the middle eighties they began to sell out to glam and the mask was gone: the vanity and greed of Simmons and Stanley became clear for all to see. THat such hard-working and talented musicians became so shallow it's something almost unbeliavable.This video (now DVD) is a fake from beginning to end so bad as the newest SECOND COMING. The interviews are terrible the girls aorund Paul Stanley's swimming pool are just models most of them porn stars like Candie Evans and Blondi. As for the viedos there are a handful of good old-ones but most of them are from the glam phase.This DVD will add aboslutely nothing to you just to Gene and Paul's pockets.
"4", no extra's?!? :-(: Maybe it's a better and clearer view but it's dissapointing that there are no extra's at all. The clips are OK but the interviews are really outdated ofcourse. Still nice to see great clips like 'Who Wants To Be Lonely' and 'Tears Are Falling'. Really 80s like songs. Great!
"0", Hard to see why anyone would like this video: Where do I start?Low points:1. Make-believe interviews (c'mon guys real ones are infinitely more interesting).2. Gene and Paul acting like sex-crazed eighth graders.3. Gene and Paul slamming Ace and Peter (especially Ace).4. Gene and Paul acting like buffoons (especially Paul).High points:1. A few minutes of excellent early concert footage from around 1973 or so.2. Oh well of course the girls are nice to look at.Conclusion:This video is awful and it was filmed during a time when Kiss was releasing some of the worst music ever. During this period they sounded as if they were trying to compete with Loverboy or maybe Night Ranger. Don't buy it for the scantily clad young ladies prancing around. There are plenty of videos on that subject and you don't have to sit through Gene and Paul's ego trip.
"0", Eager --- To be disappointed: Kiss is a great rock band. It is very difficult to find anything negative to say. Unfortunatly this dvd is an exeption. I saw the music video on t.v. for the live R n R allnight. Exposed was the dvd this version was on. So I bought the dvd -Gene and Paul Reality show-. Every important scene in the dvd was in the music video.I guess I was expecting a live concert of some type. Thank you
"0", No good at all: The only good thing here is the presence of ex-porn star Candie Evans at the front cover. Manthis girl was gorgeous with the smile of an angel and... well I'm deviating from the product itself.This is not a good DVD. Skip it.
"4", Good and about time...: This is a classic vid from the KISS vaults very 80's. I really hope they plan to release Xtreme close-up which is a good one as well. You won't be disappointed in the tracks or quality here. Although not much is actually exposed if you know what I mean.
"0", Book Falls Short: Among the books I have read about teambuilding this is not one of the better ones. If an organization is seriously considering moving to a self-directed work team environment I can see this book being helpful. However for those who are simply reading the book to expand your own knowledge base you will most likely find that you will learn little. This book contains little more than common sense solutions that can be reached without investing the time and pain necessary to read the entire book. Anybody with an education in management and/or experience in the management field will gain little from this read.
"4", Lost in Blue is worth the money: This game is worth the money. It provides hours and hours of entertainment. Try it.
"4", Can you help me PLEASE?: I have wanted this game for a while but couldn`t find it in any store my parents are allowing me to get it but I can`t find it. So I was going to order it off of amazon.com(here) but then I saw Electroplankton which looks cool. I downloaded videos for both of them and I can`t decied may someone PLEASE HELP ME!!!!!!!!! =(
"4", PLEASE READ!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!: All right alot of people seem to be having trouble with the game and i'd like for more people to enjoy the experience that is lost in blue so im going to drop a hint.if you plan on taking a long journey or just exherting yourself to a higher extent than be sure to eat as much as you can and....just go to bed early. its that easy.ive seen that alot of people are having trouble staying alive and it was the same for me in the beginning so please use this hint and discover the many mysteries that the island holds. happy ...er surviving?
"0", Very Dissapointing: My biggest beef with the game that if fixed would make it worth ten times its weight in gold would be that the Virtual Hours pass by in a matter of seconds. Pretend it's 4:00 am. If the boy walks form one tree over to another tree two feet away !POOF! It's 8:00 am. Then you go through the small cut scene where he finds the cave and!POOF! It's all the sudden 11:00 pm and time to go to bed but there is nowhere to sleep. Other than that the gameplay is fun the mini-games are awesome making tools is fun and hunting is awesome but difficult. Once you get the hang of keeping them alive for several 2 hour days it gets a lot easier as things begin to float up on shore and other surprises. Hope you can survive long enough to escape cause it almost made me pull what's left of my hair out.
"4", enjoyable but have minor flaws: if u don't know the feel of this game think castaway meets havest moon. in the begining u can gather coconuts seaweed clams to survive. later on you have the ability to fish hunt and explore the island that u are stuck on. sounds pretty mundane but just like watering your plants everyday in havest moon you'll find it enjoyable. near the end u can explore ruins and solve puzzles. and depending on how u finish the game u can open new modes to play as skye (the girl) and another secret character. (i can't say cuz it will ruined the plot).one minor flaw about this game is the character storage system. there just isn't enough space in your backpack to put everything in. but that isn't enough to spoil the major fun of the game.
"4", This game is the king of all gamez!!!!!: This game is extremely awesome! No cheats but a few glitches here and there not extremely hard not too simple. If U R getting a game for someone U should get this game.
"4", A Refreshing addictive experience: This game is very much a cross between the hit tv show "Lost" and "The Sims". While i will admit that there is a significant learning curve in the beginning of the game it gets relatively easier as you progress. It is highly addictive as I believe i am about half done with the game and I've had this game for about 2 weeks now. This is a very good addition to an NDS library. I choose this over Castlevania DS Lunar DS and Trace Memory (all of which were released in a week's span) and I am glad i made a good decision. Innovative titles such as this one are what first drew me toward gaming nearly two decades ago.
"4", Lost in Blue is great!: I just bought this game and it is very addicting and very fun. However it takes some practice to master the game and I'd recommend reading up on a walkthrough.Anyway Lost in Blue is a survival game in which you must eat drink and sleep to stay alive. You are on a desert island with only one companion who is blind after your character breaks her glasses.I would DEFINITELY recommend buying this game as it is well worth the price.
"4", The most original R&B singer since Stevie Wonder!: From the beginning to the end of this record it is pure music. Of course you have your ATL skits but that is part of what makes this record so original. Sleepy gives us what the Five Heartbeats gave us the ablity to feel the music of the 60's and 70's in the 90's. All of the music flows together so when you listen to it you listen until the last song is done. And if you think you haven't heard Sleepy's before think again. Remember Player's Ball (Outkast) "All the player's came from far and wide..." He has also been on plenty of other albums which include Society of Soul's Brainchild which is a must buy if you like Sleep'y Theme.
"4", If Sleepy was SMART he's re-release..: This CD is phenomenal. I find it HARD to go a day without listening to it. Why this wasn't re-relased I have NO idea. If you like Outkast but prefer something more laid back plese pick this up. You will NOT be disappointed.
"0", not as good: My daughter has 6 leappad books - this is the only one she doesn't like. I am not sure why but it just isn't as good as the rest!
"0", THE SECRET IN THEIR EYES: Received this movie 'The Secret in Their Eyes' in about 3 weeks. It arrived here from Argentina - the title was in Spanish 'El Secreto de Sus Ojos'. Cellophane was on CD so figured it was new. I start to play it and the DVR said that the CD was scratched and needed to be cleaned. I took it to a store and they cleaned for $5.00. Brought it home and it did play. There are English subtitles but few and far between. I saw this film on Time Warner ON DEMAND and it had full english titles so that you could understand the film. Very disappointed in this package. I would like to return it so that I can get a version that I understand. I know this is available in other stores.. It's a great film and I still would love to own it.Linda Henson
"0", A below par film: I love foreign cinema and bought this film on the back of all the good reviews it garnered. I was bitterly disappointed with it. To my mind the plot was nothing new - the story could have been told in 15 minutes and the ending was beyond strange. The acting was nothing special.
"0", Like an episode of Law and Order: And I dislike Law and Order a lot! I was so looking forward to this film based on reviews and the plot description but it really left me cold. The thing I disliked most was the reason the detective figured out who the killer was- he could see it in his eyes! And in a photograph no less! No surprises here merely a pedestrian run of the mill straight-forward detective story much like one can see on Law and Order. Too bad because the plot was dynamite. Never thought I'd say this but this might be the first time an American remake might be better than the original.
"4", Great Movie: One of the best foreing movies I saw in the last years. Great actors (Ricardo Darn is perfect). A really intelligent story. Recommended to everyone that appreciate "well-made cinema". This is another great movie from Argentina. I can say that today Argentina has the best movies in South America.
"4", All you would ever want and more.: This is an incredible movie...the type you see once every few years. Although it is a Spanish language film it is accessible through the English subtitles. It has love mysteries murder and revenge all in a multilayered and complex atmosphere right in Buenos Aires. The Academy got this one dead on...it is exceptional and very attractive for a wide range of audience. The acting is outstanding at all levels but the leads are off the charts. i only hope there are more to come from this amazingly talented group.
"4", Great Foreign Film: Being a foreign film unfamiliar with any of the actors and having to rely on subtitles the entire movie this was a pretty impressive flick. It is well acted and well scripted with some suspenseful and thematic twists and turns. The cinematography is well done; my favorite scene was at the soccer game how the camera just falls from the sky and the subsequent suspenseful footage that ensues. The final scene of the movie was pretty surprising but made perfect sense when considering that Morales thought this as the ultimate justice killing Gomez was an easy way out for him and Morales wanted him to live the rest of his life in absolute isolation behind bars. Overall the acting is convincing and well done I also like how the storyline is incorporated with flashbacks over the past 25 years while Esposito writes this book.
"4", A well acted and written film: This film won for Argentina its second best film award in the foreign film category at the Oscars. This is a tale that spans about twenty years is about love murder mystery revenge and unrequited love. I wished that I could have understood Spanish to truly enjoy this multi-layered film because I think a lot of the dialogue was lost in translation. However I enjoyed it for the subtle acting by both the leads and the satisfying ending. This movie is like a well written book where the events unfold at their own pace but suddenly the book is over and we want more. I liked the movie but hope to enjoy it again without the help of the subtitles. Three stars 10/4/10
"0", I would love to review this movie: Unfortunately once again Amazon stopped streaming this movie just before the end. This is a re-occuring problem with Amazon. Apparently I do not have enough bandwidth so it is all my fault. Strangely Netflix Hulu Apple tv and Sony do not share the same problem on my commercial broadband network!!!
"4", One of the BEST FILMS I've seen in many years...: For ONCE the Academy got it right. This movie is Brilliant! I just saw it last night and I was blown away by it. Campanella is a brilliant director and the acting was superb. Way to go Argentina!
"4", Correct Editorial Review: Correcting the official editorial review........The setting of this picture is a time PRIOR to the military government in Argentina. Peron was the president at the time and (basically) democratically-elected. His "security" people were responsible for many acts of terrorism at that time (to help Peron hold power) and later in an attempt to disrupt the military government. The "Dirty War" in Argentina went both ways. Neither side was blame free.
"4", Was recommended by many people and from a good friend from Argentina...: my daughter was with her husband in NC on a vacation and surfing the channels also found the movie ! Some people had the pleasure of seeing it for free  because one of the main cable channels had it for a while. So I decided to buy it.It came in perfect condition and indeed was worth the money. Kind of European movies a little slow and long but very very intense. Full of great actors..JJ Campanella is a great film maker ! For movie lovers this movie is a MUST SEE like the Son of Bride !
"4", Superb filmaking: It won the Oscar for best foreign film in 2010 and it is well deserved.the story build up told in two time periods is excellent. The two main characters played by Ricardo Darn and Soledad Villamil are very good and with a special mention for their excellent make up you can see them as young and older and the transformation is good.The basic story is a thriller a crime committed in the past and never properly closed. This is set in Argentina's troubled times when the secret police is a law unto itself. An innocent victim and deep hurts for the one left alive. The court investigator is left with the unfinished case the one he cannot leave behind. He decides to write a novel and in doing so starts to do research that will lead him on a different path. Personal relationships and humour also form part of the story and the whole is very strong.A good example of great film making.
"4", Silence of the lambs: I agree with all the previous reviewers that this is a superb film even though my vote for best film of the year would had been for "White Ribbon".All the same the film is excellent; the actors are a joy to see; direction and photography are top rate. Again I agree with all the comments about the actors in this film but one actor that I particularly liked was Pablo Rago as the husband of the murdered woman. He was excellent especially in the last chilling sequence. Also I didn't spot a mention on that incredible single-shot sequence in the stadium. A combination of Orson Welles with Alfred Hitchcock as the camera moves from an aerial view of the stadium to the single spectator not following the football game.The most intriguing aspect of the film comes at that final sequence where all the moral dilemmas of crime punishment revenge right wrong etc etc come to a head without any easy or moralistic talk from the filmmakers.Highly recommended.
"4", Glad i watched it: It has been a long time since I've seen such a fantastic movie. Great story and characters. Great acting and editing. And the plot has a few surprises just when you think you figured it out it surprises you. No wonder it won best foreign film in 2010.
"4", FANTASTIC!!!!: Highly recommend this flick. Great plot story line... and good acting. Was entertaining and interesting. Element of surprise throughout. I was pleasantly surprised was not expecting this film to be so great. Was worth the purchase.
"4", Masterpiece: This film takes awhile to get rolling and looks as if it does not hold much promise. But the longer it rolls the more promising it becomes. Somehow it is very personal and intimate. The acting is solid the structure competent and the plot is brilliant but you have to watch the whole thing. Don't bother guessing you will never figure it out. I recommend this highly.
"4", Excelente Pelicula!: Muy buena pelicula recomendada para las personas que les guste el amor drama e intriga.
"0", Hurts Those Suffering: There are some who believe that MSP is a false disease created only to hurt mothers and ruin their credibility in the medical world.Unfortunately there are those like me who know that MSP is not a fictious disease but a very real form of abuse. This book just hurts those who have suffered for years as victims.I am sure MSP is falsely attributed to many medical situations each year. However there are also many cases in which it should be recognized but thanks to works such as these the authorities are scared to use this term.
"4", Science to refute anecdotal stories: This is an excellent book debunking the junk science of MSBP now called PCF (pediatric condition falsification). It shows how this is just a fad of "mommy bashing" with mostly male doctors feeling threatened by advocate oriented knowledgable moms. While MSBP may occur in very rare cases the rash of "diagnoses" (100 to 200 by a pediatrician Kenneth Feldman in Seattle alone)is not supported by scientific research. Dr. Mart was even recently quoted by an appellate judge in his opinion on a MSBP case in Washington State. Dr. Mart is well respected and writes in a way which is easy to follow.
"0", Not a Sound Choice: There is no doubt that this album was recorded during the height of Fairport Convention's populartity. The selections on this album are the signature songs. So what's the problem? In one word it is the sound. This recording is like listening to someone holding up a cell phone at a concert. I get the impression that something wonderful is going on but the quality of the recording is literally unlistenable. I tried playing it loud; I tried playing it soft. It was so garbled and tinny that listening was an excercise in frustration.If you want to delve into the Fairport Convention this is not the recording for you. They call it the Woodworm Archives. Unfortunately it sounds as bad as the label.
"4", Make a very professional looking install: I bought this product to hide speaker video and network cables in my home theater install. After figuring out how to cut the stuff (see below) it makes a wonderful professional cable wrap without having to snake all the cables through at install. The slit makes it easy to add cables to the group.Cutting and install without a hot knife:SHARP scissors wrap where you want to cut in electrical tape cut and clean up any stay strands. I also used 2" strips of electrical tape to seal the ends the sleeving so that any stray ends are not poking out.I recommend buying a hot knife though. It works way better than scissors.
"0", Typos galore: This book has excessive typographical errors causing students to make mistakes in the Cisco lab and ultimately making the learning experience much more difficult.Some chapters such as Chapter 3 (OSPF) use different IP addressing schemes in each lab causing students to waste time reconfiguring the routers repeatly and reducing the amount of time available to spend on the more important lab portions that are specific to OSPF.Don't use this book unless you have no alternative lab manuals.Did anyone at Cisco Press try to complete these labs before publishing this book?
"4", Pretty good: I'm taking Cisco Communication class at school and we had to buy this book. So I didn't have any choice :) But the book is ok although there are some typos and stupid questions sometimes. However everything is well exaplained.
"4", Awesome shake: My husband and I love these protein shakes. They are the best we have tried and we have tried many. Unfortunately at the moment they are cost prohibitive for us. These shakes are not cheap but if you can afford them they are excellent.
"0", Terrible experiences with this unit: I live in an old house as well and have experienced two terrible events of this alarm malfunctioning. The sound is positively ear splitting! The button on the back did not turn the unit off - I ended up wrapping the thing up in a thick blanket and throwing outside in the trash to get it out of my house. Do not buy this alarm.
"0", Not what I paid for: I purchased a carbon monoxide alarm from this seller that was listed as new and never used. What I recieved was the opposite of what I was expecting. He sent me a alarm that was manufactured in 2000. He said had been in his garage that is why the packaging was yellow. I contacted the seller and told him how disgusted I was at what I had been sold for $26.00. He told me that I got what was promised which is a lie. He told me that I was threating him and that I should not leave a review because I was going to get in trouble. Don't be fooled stay away from this seller. He would not reimburse me. You cannot list an item as new if it has been sitting on the shelf for 10 years. You have to tell the buyer that it is 10 years old but never used. He wrote me an essay at why he wouldnt refund the money. The alarm is no good because it has a shelf life of 7 years. Garbage!
"4", CARBON MONOXIDE ALARM: WE HAD TO REPLACE OUR CARBON MONOXIDE SENSOR AND FOUND THIS TO BE A GREAT AN AFFORDABLE ONE. WE ARE VERY HAPPY WITH IT'S SIZE AND DESIGN.
"4", easy setup... no complaints...: easy setup... as long as you have an outlet that your kids won't mess with
"0", not sensitive enough: I have owned this unit for about 6 years. I thought my family was safe. Well our furnace had a CO leak. Level of CO detected up to 70 ppm. The detector never went off. It isn't sensitive enough. It will detect levels at 400 ppm in 4 to 15 minutes (it says this on the back). The furnace repairman said to get a detector that could detect levels of 70 to 100 ppm at the minimum. I am buying a new detector.
"4", Easy to use!: This is an excellent product as there is no maintanence required. Just plug it in and you are safe! Further You are not troubled with batteries since none are required. Wish my smoke alarm was this easy!
"0", FALSE alarm!: Had this for about a year until this morning when the alarm went off. I have a second unit from another manufacture that I placed in the same area as the Kidde and it didn't go off. Called Kidde support and was on hold their website had a section on what my alarm was and it said exit the house and call the fire department. I did (to be safe I have a family) and they tested the house and found nothing. Not buying a Kidde again. If anything only get a detector that has a digital read-out.So if you want a great surprise someday and think that your house has carbon monoxide font get this!
"0", TERRIBLE: I live in an old house and I can not get the alarm to shut off. It was a waste of money. Buy a different product
"0", nozzle review: I expected this nozzle to produce a powerful water stream for floor cleaning..while it does produce a good spray it is no better than any other run of the mill trigger handle sprayer. The on/off control works very well and its small size is handy.
"0", A waste of time and money: BOY! Was I disappointed. I was told that this book would help in my geneology research but this must be an edited version. It just lists a bunch of names and not much data. Don't waste your money on this one.
"0", Good quality: I received the item before the estimated arrival date. Excellent quality. Would purchase items in future
"4", Adorable and must have for a Rozen Maiden lover!: I love Rozen Maiden so naturally this was something I had to have! The fact that they don't include Bara or Kira was confusing to me but I was more than happy to settle with the main Rozen Maidens. They aren't as high quality as I thought they would be (or that the picture made it seem.) One bad thing about them though is that if you put all of them on one keychain (which is what I first did when I recieved them) it becomes very bulky and difficult to do anything with. At the most you could have 2 maybe 3 on a single keychain. But since I can't have all of them on one keychain I simply make due with lining them up on my table. Like I said it's a must have if you love Rozen Maiden but just don't expect perfection like if you really had the dolls in your possession. :p
"4", Buy this: Are you kidding me? This was on sale for under 2 bucks and it's the quintessential Busta Rhymes dvd. Great performance with Spliff comes highly recommended!
"4", great music: This was a great album Keith sings very well My entire family sits and listen to it when I play it
"0", Teriyaki rice for a sweet tooth: If the consumer likes side dishes on the sweet side this should do. As I do not I've been trying to figure out how to 'doctor' it to make it palatable. The entire family agreed "Too sweet".
"4", WOW-Loved it!: This book goes with Once and Again....Which was just as wonderful as this one....If you want to read about some very hot guys and watch them fall for wonderful and very strong women then this book is for you..This is a very romanticfunnyand steamy book-and as I always say about Loris books you will have a smile on your face the whole time...A 10+ book! Dont miss this one! You will be left saying WOW just as I did!!!Make sure you pick up Once and Again with this!!! another 10+ book!
"4", These guys are amazing: Wow! What a wonderful book! You really need to read the first book in the series first. Once and again that is great also. Gabe and Jordan are 2 of the 4 Buckhorn brothers who are all single and are little by little finding love and getting married. It makes you wish you were the lucky girl Let me tell you these guys seem to good to be true. Gabe's story is the first half of the book and he is the one who always has girls hanging all over him and he plays it up until one girl comes to interview him for a heroic thing he did and he falls head over heels.. read the book to find out more. Jordan is the more laid back one with the voice that would melt any girls heart he is a vet who loves animals and is against drinking and driving. He goes to this bar to try and shut it down and ends up falling for the girl who dances there and doesn't start out on the right foot with her.. read to see what happens. you will definatly not want to put the book down once you start.
"4", Gab and Jordan....Amazing: Another great book from Lori Foster....I was touched by the tenderness of Gab. After getting the impression that he is just a playboy Lori Foster delivers us a Gab with more depth and sensitivity than expected. This was a tender and fun read.As for Jordan you realize he has more demons to snare than the other brothers so its only fitting he requires a more troubled love interest. I found Jordan interesting and a bad boy with a big heart.Of course like of of Lori Fosters books emotionally stimulating and lots of hot physical sex. If you liked Once and Again with Sawyer and Morgan you will enjoy Forever and Always with Gab and Jordan.
"4", Lori Foster does it Forever and Always...: This book contains the 3rd and 4th books in the Buckhorn Brothers series Gabe and Jordan. Although I love Jordan's story (I mean who doesn't like the strong silent type who only you can make lose his temper?) Gabe's story is so fun and tender. He ends up with a woman so different from himself that you just know the sparks will be flying. I love all of Foster's Buckhorn Brothers' series!
"4", Sci-Fi tech nut: I first read this book some 20 years ago. I could remember the name but not the author. I was extremely glad to find it again since it is not available on Kindle or wasn't at the time I bought the paperback. An excellent story written more for the teen possibly the pre-teen set but still a great read.
"4", Not Just for Older Travelers: As a U.S. Vet who has served and traveled extensively in Europe I thoroughly enjoyed this documentary. The scenery is stunning especially on the Rhine River. Being a sucker for a river cruise and having a history for enjoying the travel videos of Rick Steves & Rudy - also out of Seattle I found George Bauer's narrative style familiar - although elitist. At 41 years old I would love to join one of these cruises sometime. Probably will as the cultural and excursion programs seem boundless. However based on the narrative one might think the producers of this video and the current clientele may be more comfortable without younger company. On the other hand perhaps the passengers would love to have that variety of middle-agers to spice it up a bit. The title of this film would be better said "The Seasoned Traveler Cruising Europe - Popular with Mature Travelers." Old is a state of perspective.
"4", excellent PABLITO: I have to write that this album is the most beautiful from all albums of Pablo. Pablo sings more profeionally. His voice in the song Olvidarte jams is very preciosa. The best songs are: olvidarte jams toda ley gallo de pelea se te olvido vas a entender como tenerte otra vez... Muchas gracias Pablito
"4", Jazziest and softest of Chris' albums: As Times Go By is the jazziest and softest of Chris' albums. It may be a bit different from his other records but is just as great. Just listen to the swing of As Times Go By...Musicians:John Pearce piano arrangements;Pat Crumly saxes;Mark Nightingale trombone;Simon Woolf bass; Simon Morton drums;Clem Clempson guitarRecorded by Jon Hiseman Feb. 1995Track Listings1. Bewitched2. Glow3. Sunday Kind Of Love4. As Time Goes By5. Drinking Again6. These Foolish Things7. At Last8. Blues As Blues Can Get9. You Don't Know Me10. Trust In Me11. I Thought Of You12. Don't Let Me Be LonelyIMPORT EEC: KEG Productions/Out Of Time CDEC 4 1996
"4", BedRug Rocks!: Just purchased an E250 van from Ford. I had a BedRug in my pick up for well over eleven years. So purchasing another was a no brainier. Great choice to kill some of the road noise and for stopping things from sliding around.I started by un-packing the rug and laying it out on the floor for a few hours to help flatten it out. Then I just laid it out in the bed of the van no trimming! Just a matter of removing the sill at the rear and side of the van. Took me more time to figure out the plastic screw deal. Easy though just hold the washer during the un-screwing process. It's a press fit reinstalling these screws! All worked out good. Buy one!!!
"4", Fits like a glove: I ordered this rug on tuesday and recieved it by ten oclock next day WOW!!! Outstanding service amazon. Minor adjustments twenty minutes later it looks like it was factory installed. Easy peasy install. It feels nice look s better  very satisfied with product. Great price. free shipping christmas without the fat guy.
"4", Excellent Shoe fast delivery: I just got these shoes and they are perfect they have a good arch which my doctor has been pestering me to get they are comfortable and I ordered thriple wide and they are indeed triple wide (EEE). I've never had velcro close shoes before the closure is easy and still looks good. The only color available is black but that is fine with me and the shoe looks nice for an adults casual shoe it has style in the classical mode while obviously being a modern shoe. In all this was a good experience and I consider my money well spent
"0", Very strange: Wanted to exchange shoes for smaller size. When i called them they said sorry because of policy shoes that had been worn could not be exchanged. Could not understand because all he did was try on in house. When i received them back there was dirt on bottom of shoes caked in holes. Not understanding how this happened.
"4", Crossfire by L D Brown: I found this book to be truthful. J D Brown writes about his illegal dealings with the CIA and Clinton. His life has been ruined by the Clinton Machine. In this book he shows how he witnessed the illegal activites in Mena as well as Little Rock. He writes how he has paid dearly for being close to that man Bill Clinton. I found it hard to put this book down. My hope is that JD's family has peace when Cliton is out of office. This book is well worth the price. Don't miss it.
"4", Insightful: As L.D. Brown submits a first hand account of his experiences with the First Couple he has been submitted to the usual character assassinations compliments of the White House. It is interesting that the spinmeisters' books such as Lanny Davis Stephanopoulous etc. are not subjected to the same incredulous cynicism. Of course they have no axe to grind ! Right ! Naturally L.D. Brown may or may not be telling the truth. However the documentation and witnesses that are continually coming out of the woodwork as this President's term draws to a close are beginning to tell an eeringly similar story. Not too may contradictions here folks. As L.D. Brown has submitted - if anything is untrue he is more than willing to accept the evidence to the contrary. He has my thanks for an insightful and troubling look behind the " spin."
"0", Confusing: There just isn't much here that you don't already know if you have been following the Clintons.L. D. Brown knew these people and found as many others have that they aren't concerned about anything except self. Mr. Brown just doesn't make supportable claims about things such as Mena. Part of the problem in the book is that no editor is mentioned nor was one used. Beyond cleaning up very bad grammar a good editor might have helped Mr. Brown clarify his points.There is a wonderful portrayal of a dinner with Senator Al D'Amato that is worth the price of the book. By doing this tiny inciteful piece I have to conclude that Mr. Brown just didn't have the same sort of ammunition on the Clintons. Alas.
"0", Pretty much no adhesive - poor quality control: It's very strange but the first roll and part of the second roll worked great. After that though there didn't seem to be any adhesive on any of the rest of the rolls. Essentially just rolls of thin plastic with no stick. Quite disappointing to have 4.5 rolls out of the 6-pack to useless. You might want to look elsewhere for some good rolls of packaging tape.
"0", Scotch Heavy Duty Packaging Tape: The tape wasn't sticky. I used the tape to mail packages and the tape wouldn;t even stick to the box. Maybe the tape was old but I've never had tape that wouldn't stick at all.
"0", Horrible: BEWARE. Amazon must be selling defective tape at this price. It has almost no stick to it. I used it to seal a package left it over night and by morning the tape had all popped off. Really strange.
"0", [June 2011 Ship Date] DEFECTIVE TAPE: Listen up! Tape purchased June 2011. Two days after ordering: tape taped well. Today January 2012 after letting the rolls sit in a stable climate: adhesive is no more. Be warned!
"0", Non stick tapes!!!: I hope I should read the 1-star comments before I placed my order. The tapes are totally non-stick. To my surprised the early negative comments was from January of the last year! What did they do for the entire year. Did they just continue make the non-stick tapes? Or they just try to sell all the returned ones to some stupid guys like me? I will give this product five negative stars if I can. Will return it immediately.
"0", Lost all of the stick: I got the 6-pack of the heavy duty shipping tape as a gift for Christmas 2010. I only used 1 1/2 rolls from January to October 2010. I noticed the tape did not stick well in November. By December the half roll was not sticking to anything at all. I tested the 4 remaining rolls and they were useless. I never expected this of a 3M product. Very disappointing. Was this a bad batch?
"0", No Glue No Good: Despite the poor reviews I went ahead and ordered this product assuming it was a one time manufacturing glitch resulting in a bad batch. That does not appear to be the case unless Amazon has failed to take notice and work with Scotch on securing a replacement quantity. The tape I just received was so bad it failed to even stick to itself. I would avoid this item until there definitive evidence the problem has been fixed.
"0", Excellent tape cheap dispenser: This tape is obviously made for commercial and industrial packaging yet the dispenser is so small and cheaply made as to be useless.Take a pass on this one.
"4", Packing Tape: We just completed moving and used this tape to seal all the boxes it is strong and easy to handle that is after you get used to the flimsy holders but that is a minor draw back for a temporary project such as a move.
"4", Excellent Product: We use a lot of tape for our business and have used many different brands. Scotch Heavy Duty Packaging tape is by far the most superior. It's easy off the roll and easy to tear. Because the roll is small it fit easily into my hands making me able to hold the box closed with the other hand. I've ordered this product over and over again and still believe it to be the best.
"4", Tape! Rolls of Tape!: This tape is sticky. It sticks to everything it touches. It's great for sealing packages removing cat hair from the bedspread etc. I've bought numerous packages of this tape & never had a problem with it yet. Hopefully they keep making it sticky.
"4", The best. Period.: This Scotch packaging tape is the best packaging tape out there. Period. I ship a lot of packages and I've tried a lot of different packaging tapes. Scotch is by far the best. Better than the office supply store house brands; better than the Ready Post stuff they sell at the post office; better than any other brand. The tape is strong comes off the roll easily sticks incredibly well and is clear as can be. I use it not only for sealing packages but for protecting address labels as well. After trying a lot of alternatives this is now the only kind of packaging tape I use.
"4", Great price: I got these when they were S&S on sale and I like how it's 6 rolls I can have them at various parts of the house. It's Scotch so if you have used any of their tape in the past you know what to expect. I'll buy these again.
"0", Does NOT stick: This isn't even tape. The so-called "sticky" side barely clings to itself and absolutely will NOT bind to any box or cardboard. Completely worthless. If I could give negative stars I would. I feel ripped off.
"0", junk - wont stick - worst tape ever: I bought this about 3 months back and since then every one of them have no stickiness in it it is hard to package anything with it.
"4", 133 yards of great packing tape: This is the best packing tape I've found. I've been using this tape for many years and have tried switching to some less expensive brands but have always come back.Other tapes that I have tried are thinner and more prone to folding and sticking to itself or ripping. This tape will not rip and is stiff enough to resist folding into itself and creating waste. It is perfectly clear allowing for affixing addresses or labels. The design of the dispenser has always worked well for me and is simple.I highly recommend this tape for shipping; don't even think about anything else. It includes a total of 133 yards if you'd like to compare with other choices. Judging by today's prices this is a very good value.
"0", Scotch Packing Tape: I ordered this tape because we had shipping to do today. I opened it up and guess what - no sticky on the tape. You couldn't tape a piece of toilet paper together with this tape!!! Bad buy.
"0", Did They Forget to Put Some Glue on It?: That's right this thing barely sticks. It's thick and heavy but it doesn't stick! What's the point?Also these are small rolls not very efficient. You need to get another roll after taping a couple maybe three boxes.
"0", No adhesive: There is no adhesive to my entire roll of tape. Surely with as many people saying the same thing scotch would have recalled the bad batch. Not wasting my time getting them to replace my tape since I'm moving this week! There is a serious problem when an issue was noticed by users 6 months ago and I can still buy worthless tape. :( don't waste your money until they recall this batch!
"0", Defective Tape - NO Stick at all: Just got my 6 rolls of tape and there is definitely something wrong with this batch. Maybe it's heat damage but this tape has no stick. Completely worthless. It doesn't even stick to itself.Good thing Amazon has a great retrun policy and procedure. Just went to my order select "return" it had me print return authorization notice PLUS postage labels. Just re-boxed (and re-taped with tape that actually works...LOL) and popped it back into my mailbox for pickup. Such an easy return! One of many reasons I keep shopping on Amazon...
"0", this tape is horrible: this tape does not stick at all - thickness is nice but doesn't do anything if the tape doesn't stick. maybe the product is old.
"0", Awful!: This packing tape will stick to nothing. Often when tape refuses to stick to the box one can wrap it around to meet itself because it will stick to itself. This won't. I don't know what has happened to 3 M Company but I will never again buy their packing tape.
"0", Glue must have been a bad batch. : (: I love the thickness of the tape but the adhesive is sub-standard. It is almost worthless. This product is so bad I am compelled to write my first review of a product. Unfortunately it isn't to praise it. I have used this product before (purchased individually at a store) and loved it; that's why I bought 6 rolls at one time. I am disappointed.
"0", Doesn't Stick: I'm not sure what is wrong with the tape. The first roll I used was sticky. The rest of the rolls would not stick to cardboard. I have had the tape past the time to return it. I threw out 5 rolls what a waste.
"0", Absolutely Worthless: This "heavy duty" packaging tape does not stick to anything! I used to love the "Premium Performance" Packaging Tape but it's not available anywhere now... so I am forced to buy this worthless tape. I apply it and it literally peels right off!
"0", DOES NOT STICK~: I felt like I had to write review. This tape doesnot stick at all!! Do not buy. Wish I couldget my money back.
"0", doesn't stick!: maybe i got a defective pack but this tape does not stick! i bought this expecting to use less tape per package but it refused to stick to cardboard boxes. i had to use some cheap tape on top of this tape just so i could mail my packages. i would have returned it but i used a few out of the package. will not be purchasing this again.
"0", Buy this if you want tape that doesn't stick to cardboard: This tape does not stick to cardboard boxes well. I may not be a rocket scientist but I would think that I could put tape on a cardboard box. This tape does not stick well at all. Perhaps I received a bad batch regardless I won't be buying it again.
"0", Used to be Great Tape: I purchased 6 rolls and finally am throwing away the last 3. The tape just does not stick. I can't even get it to stick to a paper envelope let alone a box. Heavy duty it says but something went wrong with the glue on this batch. If you buy it and have this problem don't hesitate to return it as not as described. I waited too long and now I can't get a refund...
"0", Tape by definition is suppose to be sticky!!: There is no adhesive on the tape!! It will not stick to a box paper or its self!I demand a refund!
"0", DEFECTIVE-DO NOT BUY: ALL of the 6 rolls of this tape are defective in that they won't start going into a position to use. They tear in crooked little strips that go a couple of inches and stop. I've now tried to use sll 6 in the pack and they're all the same.I then tried to stasrt it with a sharp knife and my rewasrd is a cut on my hand.
"0", Where's the stick....?????: The tape arrivedbut somewhere along the waythe sticky must have dropped off.All six rolls were without any usable stickiness.I would have sent back but the return time offered by Amazonhad expired by the time I needed to use the stuff.Bad batch I reckon'.......if you buy I recommendyou check for adhesive quality IMMEDIATELY !Wish I had....
"4", Best Packaging Tape: I have used various other brands of packaging tape over the years but this one tops them all for stregnth durability and ease of use. The tape does not break off like the cheaper brands and sticks to even the most difficult surfaces. An excellent product.
"0", AWFUL TAPE: I ship alot of items and I can't stand this tape it just won't stick. I've given up with Scotch & gone to another brand that puts it to shame.
"0", Does not stick!: Like everyone before me said This shouldn't even be classified as tape. And here they label it as shipping tape? They only put enough adhesive on so it would stay in a roll and not roll out like a roll of toilet paper. Do not use for anything as there is no safe application for this "tape"
"0", TAPE THAT DOESN'T STICK!: We purchased a box(6rolls)of Heavy Duty Scotch packaging Tape (#142-6). I have opened 2 of the rolls and it will not stick to anything. Just won't stick!!!!!!!!!!!!!Scotch Packaging Tape 2 Inches x 800 Inches 6 Rolls (142-6)So disappointing. This is the 1st time I have ordered office products from Amazon.
"0", This tape wouldn't stick to glue: This tape doesn't stick to boxes - it doesn't even stick to itself. I thought I could rely on the 3M name to provide me with a high quality product but this product somehow avoided the quality control process at the company. A waste of money we've thrown out the four rolls.
"0", Does not stick: Tape does not stick to anything. I thought I got a bad batch but others have had the same problem.
"0", Worst item i ever purchased from Amazon: I bought this tape because it was supposed to be heavy duty and it is made by scotch which is a name brand but this tape is horrible. The tape itself is strong and very thick but the adhesive practically nonexistent. The tape basically sticks like a post it pad.
"0", NOT STICKING TO PACKAGES!!!!!: I purchased a 6 pack of these and it simply is NOT sticking to the boxes. It won't even stick to a piece of paper!!! What is going on? I have purchased these for years now and this box simply is horrible. Will NOT purchase anymore!!
"4", Great price and quality!: I do a lot of shipping and Scotch brand is by far the best. There's nothing worse than cheap tape that you can't find the start and every time you rip it it only comes off in small strips. This never does that. This is also the best price I've found it too.
"0", Not Sticky: We've used this tape for 20 years but lately it's just not sticky. Over the past year we have purchased 3 packs at Office Depot that have not worked well. Some were sticky enough to get by but the quality has gone down hill.
"0", Do not buy in bulk: Unless you plan to use all six rolls in a fairly short amount of time do not buy this six pack. After only a few months I had to throw four rolls away because they had completely lost their adhesiveness.
"0", scotch packing tape: I bought this 6 pack of Scotch heavy duty clear shipping tape that claims to be 20x stronger UPC 51131 86283 and it is totally useless....it will not stick to anything!!!!!I don't know if it was an old lot or if their quality control has slipped....but don't buy it....you have to pay to ship it back...very dissapointed ! I would like to add this edit.....after talking to Scotch consumer support they will mail another 6 pack of tape and you do not have to return defective lot....they suspect the issue is the way it was stored hot/cold extremes....
"4", Simply easy to use.: This pack fo tape includes simple dispensers that make it easy to leave in a drawer where needed but not as bulky as a professional packing tape dispenser. The tape is crystal clear and feels like it gives a solid adhesion that you can trust for mailing packages in any temperature climate.
"0", Awful. Doesn't stick.: This is the worst packaging tape I've ever bought. Just got a couple rolls of this stuff and it won't stick to ANYTHING! It won't stick to the boxes I'm packing nor any other surface for that matter. If you want completely useless crap then buy this item.
"0", terrible doesn't stick: I ordered this tape in bulk because its what I usually use for my business. The tape doesn't stick like its old or something. It will barely adhere paper let alone stick a label on glass.
"0", This Heavy Duty Tape Does Not Stick: This tape labelled heavy duty has no adhesive on it. I ordered it and did not use it for a month and could not return it. Every roll was bad. Don't buy it. Just get the regular Scotch Packaging tape. It works much better.
"0", TAPE DOESN'T STICK... AT ALL!!!!: I was happy to finally stock my supply closet with lots of packing tape at a good price.When I finally got around to opening it to use a roll it wasn't sticky... about as sticky as a post-it.. maybe!I figured it was a fluke an aberrant roll. No. They're all that way!And now my "return window" has passed.I thought Scotch was a reliable brand and has been before now but this was a major disappointment. If it actually were sticky it might be good tape. It is certainly tougher than the stuff I usually get that frustratingly splinters into tiny little pieces when you try to get it started. This is solid... but not sticky. So pretty pointless unless you're going to tie it around something!
"0", Do not buy please!!!!!!!!!!: This is not a tape....it does not have any glue..(0) Zero glue. It is just a plastic. Don't waste your money. Amazon must stop selling product like this. Amazon will lose its reputation if they keep selling product like this. Do not buy please......please...
"0", BEWARE of defective batch: I bought this product about a month ago after seeing so many terrific reviews. But when it arrived and I started using it I was perplexed because the tape would NOT STICK to the box I was sealing. It would not stick at all! I thought there was another layer of something that I should have peeled before applying the tape so I looked as closely as I could at the tape re-read the simple instructions for how to use it but with no luck. I unrolled an entire roll of tape but NONE of it would stick. In fact it wouldn't even stick to itself! So I came back on Amazon and immediately noticed that the last handful of reviews (all submitted in 2011) are reporting the same thing.THIS PRODUCT IS CURRENTLY DEFECTIVE. Clearly many bad batches have been made. Until Scotch gets this product right AVOID it.
"0", Bad Batch -- Tape Does Not Stick: Bought received this item this month December 2011 and still get a batch with non-sticky tape. It seems the seller (Amazon in this case) has yet to clear out the "bad batch." I have talked to 3M customer service over the phone and 3M promised to send me new replacement rolls (in return I have to send the bad rolls back to them) so I will wait and see whether the new rolls will work well. I will come back and update this review entry if and when I get the replacement rolls from 3M.
"0", No glue!: There is no glue on the tape on any of the rolls. What a rip off. Amazon needs to stop offering this for sale.
"0", does not fit dispenser: not good advertising. It does not fit my dispenser. and I realized this too late to return it so I have to use the tape manually. very inconvenient.
"4", High Quality Tape: High quality shipping tape.The 2" width is good for small business type packes ( 12x12 Boxes MAX.)Larger size boxes would need a wider than 2" width.
"4", Reliable tape easy application: This is great packing tape. The only issue I have with it is the length of tape for the money. It seems like these are gone way too quickly.
"4", I like my tape strong and sticky :-): This tape is awesome - really worthy to be called heavy duty. Great adhesion to cardboard plastic and various pieces of furniture and the tape itself is very strong. The brown tape that the professional movers bring is a joke next to it. The rolls are small so better get the 6-pack. A great deal at current Amazon price!
"4", It's just tape: It's just a thick plastic tape...it sticks to everything. The only problem I found it that only one side is sticky.
"0", What's wrong with this tape?: I've used several rolls of this tape and it usually works very well so I decided to buy a bulk pack. Well this tape will not stick to cardboard boxes. It sticks to itself great so I have to use more tape than normal to make sure it overlaps to make a good seal. I don't know if this tape is old or it if was not kept in proper conditions but it's definitely not not as good as the same exact tape I've purchased in stores. I'm going to try one more bulk pack and if that's the same way I'm returning it and cancelling my recurring shipment.Also it's super loud coming off the roll.
"0", HORRIBLE!!!: I never thought I'd be disappointed in a Scotch product....until now. This tape is a HUGE disappointment. It just doesn't stick!! I've been using it mostly to adhere shipping labels to packages and I've been so frustrated. I'll try to apply lots of pressure to make it stick and nothing seems to work. Unfortunately the whole box is going in the trash!
"0", Non Stick Tape: Unfortunately I bought 3 boxes of this tape several months ago and just started using it. It will not stick to anything. I tried every single roll in all 3 boxes and was very disappointed .
"4", Fantastic for all shipping needs: I ship quite a few packages every week and I wouldn't use any other tape.Trusting the Scotch brand is easy after purchasing cheaper inferior tapes that were impossible to use. They would tear easily adhere badly it was awful. So now I keep it simple Scotch Packaging Tape all the way.
"4", Quality stuff: This seemed like an odd product to put on the Vine reviewers' program. I mean honestly when was the last time you felt the need to read reviews of packing tape? Would you ever expect companies like Scotch or 3M to put out shoddy products? Heck no. So I am happy to oblige as silly as it makes me feel to actually type things like: "This is a fine high-quality tape. Perhaps the best I've used. Sticky thick tough goes on fairly easily and is extremely clear." Funny thing is it's all true. But did anyone actually read this review?I'm going to give it 4.5 stars. The minor deduction being from the fact that it's not sticky enough to hold your bumper on to your beat up old Tercel. Several people complained about the stickiness. Sure it's not duct tape but it's not supposed to be. Seems perfectly adequate for shipping packages.
"0", Didn't like the plastic part on each roll: Wanted just a large roll of tape hate to have to throw away plastic with each roll. Fills the landfills needlessly.
"0", Does Not Stick: Very disappointed in this tape. Have used this type of tape for years and for some reason this last batch I bought just does not stick to the boxes. So frustrating.
"0", Third world quality control: Don't waste your money this stuff doesn't stick. It used to be a good product but now after several tries and several spools i give up. the quality is gone. looks like they just want the money before the quality. dollar store cheapo rolls stick better than this ****!
"0", No Good: Just another voice to say that this tape isn't sticky. I've mailed the remains of my 6-pack back to 3M with a letter to that effect. I like to buy products made in the US but have to look elsewhere. So far USPS tape seems to work best.
"0", Crappy: Maybe my roll is bad but this tape is so shitty. The tape breaks so easily when I am trying to wrap it around the box. Its like the cutter serves no purpose because a gentle breeze is enough to pull the tape apart.
"0", NO STICK: 2 out of the 6 rolls did not have any adhesive whatsoever. It seemed like the only thing holding the Scotch "tape" to my packages was static cling. Embarrassingly I had to resort to another brand of tape to secure my last few packages. Will not buy again.
"0", doesn't stick at all: I bought this last year for packaging cardboard boxes and I used 1 roll. That one was fine. However the rest of them (5 rolls) don't stick on cardboard at all. It feels like just 'post-it' adhesiveness.Since I don't have option to return them now I have to find out other ways I can use them.So far I had good experience with 3M products and this is the first time that I was very disappointed. I hope the batch was wrong and the later product will be fine.
"0", Misleading product - should be called paper not tape: I opened a six! pack of this tape today a month and a half after Amazon's refund period sadly and the tape doesn't stick at all. It actually feels like the forgot to add the tape part of the tape. Silly me I didn't look at the reviews before buying this. I always do but this time I didn't because it was just tape. The same brand I buy all of the time. Except this time I bought something that they claimed was tape but a three year old's fingers are stickier than this. Water woud do a better job than this garbage. That's $$ down the drain. What am I supposed to do with six rolls of tape that can't perform the one task its supposed to? Negative 11 stars for this thing. That's one negative for every dollar I spent.
"0", Does not stick - Defective: I bought a box of six rolls in early 2011 and used one roll then which worked fine. Last month I had finished that roll and needed to start another. I found all the other five rolls in the box had completely lost their adhesive power. They simply would not stick at all. I threw them out. In future I will just have to buy rolls as I need them at the local hardware store.I should add that I have used this product before and it has always performed well except for this one box.PS: After posting this review I phoned 3M Company and reported the problem. They are going to send me five replacement rolls with no hassle. Good for them!PPS: So now the replacement rolls have arrived from 3M Company. But they only sent me one roll not the five replacement rolls they said they'd send. So I take back my comment above about 3M's good customer service and reduce my rating of this product back to one star again.
"0", Maybe I got defective rolls: My tape just does not stick I have used 3M tape before may times and it is by far better then these particular rolls.There must have been a defective batch made.I now have to use 3 times the amount of tape to feel comfortable that the package will not fall apart. The glue is just not sticky.Since I have already started using the rolls I do not think I can return it.
"0", Defective batch?: As another reviewer mentioned the tape received is defective/not sticky at all. Perhaps the lot I received is from the same batch? Whatever the case buyer beware. I have a high regard for Scotch products the product received is not usable at all.
"0", No adhesive!: I realized why this product was offered at a discount - it has no adhesive. I don't know if it was left in a warehouse for too long but it would not stick to anything much less its intended use for "heady duty" packaging. I returned it and Amazon promptly issued a refund. I had to leave at least 1 star which goes to Amazon for good customer service.
"0", It doesn't stick to anything!!!: This tape doesn't stick to anything! I've never had less sticky tape. It seemed like the only thing holding it to stuff was static!!!
"0", Not very sticky: I was really disappointed with this tape it being brand name and all. It only sticks to itself it would not stick to my boxes and even when wrapped all the way around onto itself the performance was poor.
"0", I guess you could call it tape..: I use this to ship packages and whenever I do I have to double/triple reinforce each piece of tape. The tape has very minimal amount of glue. It doesn't stick very well and sometimes not at all. I would look for something else.
"4", Scotch Packaging Tape: A great buy! Stronger than normal packaging tape and each roll is ready to go with its own dispenser. A great deal!
"0", It doesn't stick ...: ...what else do you need to know? Seriously--you have to press down and "seal" the tape with superhuman strength to make sure it sticks to anything other than paper. I tried using this to tape a label on a thick padded envelope and I was able to lift the label and tape off with just the flick of my finger. It works even worse on cardboard.
"0", Avoid this DVD: This album is just crap; believe me  do not waste your time and money. Considering that in the early 80s most of the live concerts were not meant to be released to the public one may accept that the video quality is not any good but what definitely is unnacceptable is the terrible sound quality nothing comparable to the CD. Do not get me wrong Supertramp is one of my favorite bands ever but this DVD is crap!
"0", A definite waste of money...: I was thoroughly disappointed in this poor-edited subpar DVD. If you are a true fan you may find some gems but this is not worth the $$$ to spend to find them. The concert footage is primarily from Munich 1983. Not a very flattering performance at all. The band looked tired and almost physically unable to perform. I have seen their live performances and I have seen 10x better than this! Why not compile their best stuff?If you are a fan of BOA and prior this is not for you. Most of it is the post BOA Rick Davies new stuff.
"0", Supertramp deserves a better DVD Production: This DVD is worth just because is the only one available from this all time great band (IMHO). But be prepared to a great deception: Terrible terrible terrible images. Looks like they captured this footage from a copy of copy of an old VHS tape with a low cost capture card. Audio even worst! You have two options: PCM or Dolby 2.0 but don't worry they are terrible too. The production is poor also. They simply put some clips from two decade ago in a roll. This DVD is a joke just a way to get some money from Supertramp fans but Like one I had to buy it. If you're a Supertramp fan go ahead it's Supertramp anyway. If you just think about buy this DVD without be a fan stay away you could take a bad impression about this great band.
"4", supertramp - story so far: very good vintage footage of gigs some of the newer videos and excellent interview viewing. great gift for any fan...new or old!
"0", supertrash: quick! go straight to "give a little bit" and sit back and enjoy the show. you'll feel like you're part of the crowd. the only problem is you're in the back row and all you can hear is clapping. i can't believe how loud this is. it completly drowns out the vocals. this goes on through almost every song. it's nice to know that the fans really enjoyed themselves at the show but for home entertainment this just doesn't work. supertramp might not be a household name but they've got enough hits captured in this 1983 concert to fill a superdvd. supertramp deserves better and so do we. i blame UNIVERSAL MUSIC & VIDEO and A&M RECORDS for not taking this product seriously. also the extras feel like they were collected off the floor of VH1 BEHIND THE MUSIC. if you're a true supertramp fan stick with the VHS version.
"0", Boring Waste of Money: I loved Supertramp but feel they could have done better than this offering. Looks like a bunch of clips recorded off of TV and then burned to a disc. You are much better off purchasing Roger Hodgson Live in Montreal. Much better visual audio quality than this. Nothing against Davies though. This is not the forum for that discussion. Gotta dig the dude playing the sax with the mullet. Upstaged just about everyone in the band (jerk should have gave them more respeck than that)! John Helliwell vs mullet man? C'mon. Hope to see a better offering than this some day - ie live in Paris
"0", Junk: Brought it to a jewelry store to get engraved and they wouldn't even do it because they said it was just a silver laminate and it would peel. It was supposed to be worth $100 and the jeweler told me it was worth less than $20. I would not reccamend the Neteya Corp. The only good thing I have to say about them is that they refunded my money quickly and easily.
"0", not worth it: video is dark not easy to see just did not like it not expelcit just bloody and foolish
"4", Wonderful Toy!: My nephew loves this tractor. He has the farmer and his dino take turns driving! I love this line of toys because they promote creativity and help the kids use their imaginations!
"0", This product lasted 1 week before it broke!: After 1 week the wheels came off and the bolts and screws went flying. Very lucky my son did not eat them! Terrible design!
"4", The best book on infinite series: Excellent book for consulting with lots of examples and problems. Very well written but with the problem of very old notation. Everything you need to know about series is in this book. Very good to use in problems seminars
"4", Approaching God: "A Baptist Among the Jews" is a passionate blueprint for achieving ecumenical understanding and cooperation. The author has managed to transcend the confines of her narrow fundamentalist origins and allow herself to experience other approaches to the Divine. And "experience" is the key issue in this fascinating story of the author's acceptance and inclusion by the Jewish community. Howe isn't overly concerned with doctrine or dogma. She doesn't bring a list of theological preconceptions or doctrinal preconditions to her relationship with reform conservative orthodox and even hasidic Jews. That a person can actually come closer to God in a faith tradition other than her own is perhaps the central lesson of her book and one that more people would do well to emulate.
"4", A Baptist Among the Jews: A very interesting and informative insight into the Jewish people and their religion and traditions.
"4", Disarming passion...: With the disarming passion of a neophyte (but withoutleaving her own faith behind) Howe plunges into therich world of traditional Judaism emerging withjewels from which all of us can profit: a profoundsense of God's holiness an insatiable hunger for andlove of God's Word and an understanding of theimportance of ritual and community. Howe's friendshipwith the Jewish people and her deep spiritualexperiences amidst them bring a whole new dimension toher Christian faith and her winsome story encouragesthose of us who have yet to embrace our Jewish rootsto enrich our journey by crossing the cultural and emotional barriers that so often separate us from our spiritual kin.Kristyn Komarnicki editor of PRISM Magazine (Evangelicals for Social Action)
"4", Go Moderate Middle!!!: Of course the parties are becoming too extreme. But is that really the fault of a few political leaders or is it due to the money of lobbyists who are taking control from the general public. I believe that Whitman's arguments are sound; not only for politics but for any group working together for a common goal. You must come together and compromise in order to get the best possible for the group. We cannot let power hungry players make the choices because they will end up moving the group to the extreme. I also thought that Whitman had some interesting ideas on how to get more women and minorities into politics. We need to make sure that our government more closely represents the gender and race of America as a whole.
"0", Takes one to know one?: Christine Todd Whitman's book makes excuses and points a finger at Republican's for not doing all they can to pull more people into the party. Ms. Whitman clearly passes blame to anyone but herself while she cost even more American lives in the days months and years after 9-11 by stating that the air was clear and safe to breathe. If she is looking for the perfect example of what is wrong with the conservative party a mirror would be a major asset.
"0", Loyalty to GOP versus to her Country: Christine Todd Whitman like Colin Powel and John McCain don't really believe where the GOP is going but are more loyal to it than they are to thier values and to our country. She even ran Pres. Bush's reelection campaign in New Jersey after quiting her Cabinet position because of how little she agreed with her boss. She has her priorities screwed up and her party and her country are the losers for it.To speak out now is just a way to try to get over the guilt of helping put a moderate face on extremist policies. One thing America doesn't need is more cowards like these.
"0", Bush an environmentalist? she's kidding right?: Christie Whitman has stated that George Bush is a closet environmentalist. As gov of Texas he had the worst environemntal record in recent memory. So it's hard to take her or this book very seriously.
"0", This Battle Packs No Punch: OK I really wanted to like this book. I too share Whitman's frustration at seeing my party overtaken by the extremist wing. So I expected to read a war plan outlining strategies to achieve a more balanced centrist party. What a disappointment. This book is more memoir than politcal stategy roadmap. And Whitman's constant admissions that she was "taken aback "stunned and shocked" at reactions from political opponents only serves to demonstrate how naive she is and undermines her political gravitas. The droning on and on about the environment put me to sleep her assertion that the GOP must reach out to miniorites was quite "shocking" to me. Christie tell me something I don't know. I learned little if anything from this book and I do not recommend it.
"4", Christie's book may be a voice in the wilderness.: It is nice to hear from the silent moderate majority. Unfortunately the extremists in the party will be attacking her with a vengeance I suppose. Our country has managed to remain united through compromise on intractable issues but this seems to be forgotten now by the extreme right members of the party.I enjoyed her book and thoughtfulness but reduced it a star as I thought her case could have been made more succinctly.
"0", More like Whitman's personal and political biugraphy: This book shows just how dishonest the Republican party has become even with moderates. After all if Christie Todd Whitman were indeed a moderate she wouldn't be blaming the so-called "LIBERAL MEDIA" while at the same time saying nothing about the current righwing propaganda on the radio and tv and the rest of the media. In fact she praises Rush Limbaugh and Fox News as trustworthy fair and balanced independents when in fact they're not. Throughout the book Whitman lies about being afraid of supporting an extreme conservative such as say Barry Goldwater or Ronald Reagan or George W. Bush. Yet when push comes to shove she's another partisan hack in wholeheartedly defending these extremists. Go ahead Ms. Whitman and cry all you want to. But just make a note that not everyone is going to buy your deceptive manipulation of playing the victimization game as our country is falling apart even in your ignorant bliss !
"4", read along books: These little books are good for the little ones who can't read yetbut like for someone to read to them .
"0", Loves Pooh doesn't love this book...: My 3 year old spent a total of 7 minutes playing with this book before she asked to put a different book into her Leap Pad. When I encourage her to use Pooh again she absolutely refuses. She loves her Pooh characters and loves her Leap Pad. But this book? It's never been touched again. It seems to simple and 3 year olds need a challenge.
"0", Pooh in Dullsville: Of all the First LeapPad books to buy make this the last one on your list. My daughter has NO interest in this one whatsoever! <br /><br />( I have two friends who have said the same thing. )
"0", UNSATISFIED CUSTOMER: I WAS VERY DISAPPOINTED WHEN I RECIEVED THE ITEM IN THE MAIL. IT WAS NOT ADVERTISED ANYWHERE ON THE PAGE THAT YOU HAD TO OWN A LEAPFROG SYSTEM IN ORDER TO USE IT. I JUST THOUGHT IT WAS A BOOK AND TAPE AND I BOUGHT TWO.
"0", not good: I was really upset when I received this item. I had ordered 2 becasue I thought it was a terrific deal but nowhere did it mention that you needed the leappad player in order to use it. I hate returning things =(
"4", Not many choices: I bought this for my 4 year old and she loves it. The only problem is It's for ages 3 and up but there aren't alot of new books to choose from that are growing with her. They all have basically the same stuff on them just different characters. They are mostly up to age 4... She's 5 now and needs more of a challenge. Please make more books!
"0", BORING: I think the LEAP system is fantastic and wholeheartedly applaud the designer and company. I think many many families will find the My First Leap System very useful and helpful. It's also so nice to find a product that does not have unbearably loud volume settings!!We and our daughter also are fans of Winnie the Pooh. SO disapointing then that THIS book/cartridge are so poorly done. Many 2-year olds will find this boring and it is designed for 3-4 year olds. THIS set teaches very little and is not interesting (boring). They could have done so much with a POOH theme!! Don't waste your time with this one.
"0", most leap pad books are not in good age appropriate categories: just my opinion; but i have a hard time finding books to go with my 3yr old daughter's first leap pad. she loves maurice sendak's where the wild things are and she loves many of the other books that go with the leap pad that is for 6mo-24mo age range. i think they should have done a bit more research on which stories were associated with which leap pad system. as for the pooh bear game; i agree; way too easy here; this would have been perfect for the leap pad made for younger children and made a more challenging one for this level. great idea; just not well put together.
"4", The most beautiful voice!: Take the time to listen to the singing violins seamless transitions and amazing vocals. This LEBANESE singer is a truly outstanding artist! His music showcases the fun and energy of the country's musical style as well as the beauty of their dialect. Great for Bellydancers and Middle Eastern Music lovers!
"4", Ragheb Alama - King of Lebanese Pop!: Anyone interested in Arabic Pop Music must definetly listen to this album by Ragheb Alama who is one of the best artists in this genre. He is VERY famous in the Middle East but most especially in Lebanon. This Album - like most of his albums - contains beautiful lyrics and also really great dance rythms.
"4", Ragheb Alama - Musicial Genius or Master of Mockery?: Well I found this CD sitting around at work. Obviously someone had brought it in and used it to listen to one of the stereo systems that we sell. Upon inspection the artist name didn't ring a bell so I put it in the CD player. I was very suprised to hear what sounded like east asian music done completely with synthesizers and synthetic drums. I asked one of my colleagues who happens to be of Indian descent and he told me that it was more-or-less a rap version of Indian traditional songs. Regardless I was very amused that somebody had taken the time to produce an album of traditional east-Asian music with completely synthetic instruments. I would give this album 4 stars because it its very amusing. Ragheb Alama really has something here -- what it is I'm not really too sure.
"0", This is thinking?: I picked this book out with hope as I had problems with Dennet and Penrose's books on the field. Unfortunately Searle clearly lacks understanding of either of their main points and his essential objections to both are mutually contradictory.Case in point: one objection to Penrose was that simulations of neural phenomena could clearly avoid the essential limitations Penrose proposes for algorithmic processes. That is idiotic on its face (how is a simulation any different from other sorts of programs?) Similar inconsistencies and plague his other writings.This is not serious thought or indeed writing worthy of republication. I hoped to see writng backed by logical thought and consistency. Instead I found mostly semantic objections that attempt to conceal a deep lack of anything useful to say.
"0", Pretentious and Misrepresentative of other attempts: This book is a collection of extremely pretentious responses to several other authors of books on this topic. He often misrepresents (or possibly just misunderstands) many of the arguments of other authors. The only thing going for this book is that it covers many different authors who attack the problem of consciousness from different angles. One can get an idea of who the big players in this field are from this book.
"4", was a good camera: we used this camera for just over 3 years. it was great. never had any problems with it until the last 6 months or so. the camera would randomly not save the images. it would say "error saving image." if i turned camera off and then back on it usually worked like it should. i have no complaints about it really. it got dropped its share of times and tossed around plenty. we used it for as long as we could. finally had to give it up when the power switch fell off.
"0", Great camera for the first month or so: We bought one of these in the spring of '05. We took it on vacation in July of '05 and the LCD screen blacked out a few days into our vacation. I called HP and was informed that a RECONDITIONED (used) camera was all that I could get. The camera was still under the manufacturers' warranty but their policy was to replace it with a used camera not a new one. I had to settle for the "reconditioned" camera. It has been OK since then.HP's customer service is at best mediocre. There are the usual annoying and seemingly endless voice prompts in order to get to an actual service rep and since HP has out-sourced all of its tech support to the third world I had a hard time understanding the reps I spoke to.This camera also eats a ton of batteries and takes a few seconds to engage after depressing the button which is annoying if you're trying to photograph anything other than a posed shot.All in all disappointing. I will never buy another HP camera.
"0", HP cameras seem to be overly fragile!: I've owned the M407 and an 850. Both broke within a year though they were well cared for. There must be a reason why HP cameras have such low share of the digital camera market (not even in the top then!). But then again HP was never meant to be a camera company huh? Canon and Nikons seem to be the bees knees when it comes to digi cameras!
"0", Terrible camera: I loved my last HP camera so I decided to buy the 407M. I regret it. After only a few months the camera started freezing up and to reset it I had to remove the batteries. It also is very slow and I had a hard time taking pictures of my baby girl because by the time the camera took the picture she would already be out of the "Kodak moment". The camera also needed new batteries after every set of pictures that I took. I am currently trying to get techinical help from HP. I would not recommend this camera at all.
"0", Worst Camera of all time!: I was so excited to be getting this as my first digital camera. After using it for less than a week I became VERY disappointed. The pictures weren't clear the flash was inconsistent the batteries don't last and it BROKE 3 times in one year. Since it was under warranty HP sent me a new version of the same camera. They replaced it several times and each one has the same problems--it has ruined two memory cards and caused a docking station to stop recharging the batteries.All of this to say DO NOT BUY THIS CAMERA. Pay the extra bucks and get one that you will be happy with.
"0", unpredictable unreliable: This is my second of this model camera. The company had to send me a new one when the first one's screen fried itself. Now this one refuses to save pictures. I take a picture and it tells me "Error Saving Image" It is really annoying when you think you have the perfect shot and then it doesn't save!
"0", I don't want another: I bought this camera in about February 2005 but didn't know enought about digital to know what I can actually get. Goes through batteries pretty fast. The recharge time between pictures sometimes causes me to miss another good shot. Takes way too much time between pressing shutter button and taking the picture. I just thought this was normal for digital cameras till I began reading later reviews. Then I accidentally dropped the camera onto a soft surface (loose dirt and sawdust)and now the lens is stuck most of the way out and will not retract and camera will not come on. Contacted HP to get it fix but will cost close to $100 and they will just send a reconditioned one. So I am in the market for another digital camera-maybe a Canon or Sony or something besides an HP.
"0", Awful Camera: The camera has a lot of features but the photo quality is unbelievably horrible. I get better pictures with my cellphone. The picture are blurry and have odd green spots on the photos like I'm using no antenna for my TV.Get a Sony Cybershot like the other person said. Their pictures are so much clearer. You won't be dissappointed with the Sony.I never expected this FROM HP!!!
"0", AVOID: I have owned this joke of a camera for over a year now so as someone with alot of experience with it I advise you NOT TO BUY ONE. I wouldn't reccomend this camera if it was only $19.95 and came with a free sledgehammer to take your anger out on it when you realize you just wasted twenty bucks...- Without buying a memory card this camera holds a pathetic number of pictures at any setting above VGA.- Non HP memory cards are incompatible.- It EATS UP batteries seriously.- It shuts off without warning for no reason whatsoever.- It will often not recognize rechargable batteries as being rechargable.At this point I am shopping for a new camera because my M407 claims that brand new batteries are "depleted" and shuts off lovely.
"0", terrible: This camera is the worst. I was so dissappointed with it. Everytime I use it I get so fed up that I go back to using my regular camera. The delay is so bad that sometimes it takes me 25 pictures to get it right. The batteries go so fast and always need to be recharged. I won't even take this camera out for the day because I don't trust the batteries and this light always says flash is charging and you can't snap the picture. What's the point? Spend your money elsewhere this ones a waste.We even disconnected the printer because it was useless and cheap are regular printer prints better pictures!
"0", ***I HATE HP!!!!***: THIS CAMERA IS THE WORST!!!I BOUGHT THIS ON BLACK FRIDAY THERE ARE MANY REASONS WHY I AM RETURNING THIS PIECE OF JUNK:1.FIRST OF ALL IT RUNS ON DOUBLE A BATTERIES2.WHEN I CAME HOME I STARTED TAKING PICTURES.AFTER I TOOK MY FIRST PICTURE IT SAID ERROR SAVING IMAGE!3.THEN IT WORKED AND IT DIDNT WORK.I TRIED DOWNLOADING SOME OF THE PICTURES THAT WERE ACTUALLY SAVED ON THE CAMERA ONTO THE COMPUTER.WHEN I FINISHED DOWNLOADING THEM I LOOKED FOR THE PICS ON THE COMPUTER.I F0UND THEM BUT THE PICS WERE ALL BLURRY.I WAS SO FED UP THAT I LEFT IT SITTING ON MY COMPUTER DESK FOR THE NEXT 2 MONTHS.DO NOT BUY THIS CAMERAIT WILL BE A WASTE OF YOUR MONEY AND TIME!I ACTUALLY THOUGHT HP MADE GOOD CAMERAS.....-_-"
"0", Not as bad as what people say but still not 5 stars: Positive:+ 3x Optical Zoom+ 1.8" LCD+ Dock Avaliable+ Many Manual Features+ Internal Memory But Only 16MB So Almost UselessNegative:- Very Poor Photo Quality- Very Poor Video Quality- Only Lithium Batteries IncludedThe image quality isn't as bad as what some people said but it's still kinda poor. You probably should do some more research unless you don't mind poor photo quality.
"0", Great camera... while it lasts.: Normally I wouldnt write a review but I have had numerous experiences with this camera that I thought I would share.My sister first bought the camera and I was amazed with how user friendly it was and I thought the pictures turned out pretty well. Shortly afterward her screen blacked out without any great impact or weather damage.Naturally I assumed it mustve gotten bumped in the wrong way tough luck. I then proceeded to buy one for myself and a couple of months after I had it my screen also inexplicably failed to work.And then for Christmas my sister received a replacement camera for her broken one and yet again shortly after purchase the screen was broken.I do accept some responsibility for the damage I imagine that if it was in a purse in a bookbag perhaps it got rattled around a bit. But three times? I dont find this to be a coincidence and I do not reccomend that you risk your money because you too may have to replace it after 3 months.
"4", THIS IS NOT THE STORY OF HENDRIX IDIOTS ITS A LIVE CONCERT AT MONTEREY!!!!: GUYS I DUNNO IF U SAW WHAT U WERE REVIEWING ON TOP BUT ITS A LIVE FOOTAGE FROM MONTEREY POP FESTIVAL 1967!!! IN ALL ITS GLORY PAY ATTENTION FIRST!!!!!
"0", Blu Ray exactly like DVD version: I was very disappointed when I watched this Blu Ray version of Jimi's historic concert at Monterey. I had already purchased the regular DVD version of this feature so I hoped the Blu Ray version would surpass that. I was very mistaken. Correct me if I'm wrong but I thought Blu Ray technology equals true HD which if I'm not mistaken should be in wide-screen format right? Well Jimi's whole Monterey performance is presented here with those annoying black-bars and either side of my HD wide-screen tv. Trust me it's not the settings on my tv. It's simply the way that the film is presented on this "blu ray" disc. A total rip-off. Am I missing something here? If you have the DVD version already save your money because the Blu Ray version is exactly the same presentation.
"4", Excellent video document: (Released 10.16.07) I had to hunt around for a copy of this on its release date but it was well worth it. It includes the original footage with additional camera angles and some documentaries which are also included. Also an added bonus is footage from Chelmsford from February of 1967. The newly released CD doesn't really add anything new but this DVD has enough bonus material to make it worthwhile.
"0", Bad Packaging Makes This a LOSER: I just opened the dvd about 10 mins. ago and was disappointed as soon as I saw the packaging. It has a 2-disc (overlapping each other)plastic holder.The problem is that it is a single disc edition!I was informed that the record company execs were probaly hoping you would go out and buy the c.d. and put it with the set.This should of been done like the Blue wild angel dvd.I say DO NOT BUY!!
"0", Oxford Dictionary & Thesaurus: Not good for a 6th grader. Didn't have any of my child's spelling words child and I were both frustrated with this book. Don't recommend it.
"0", Failed after a few weeks: Since it worked for a while I trusted it. Then when my DVD player stopped working I blamed the DVD player and replaced it. When my Roku stopped working I rebooted it. I stopped myself and checked a direct connection to the TV before I did a factory reset.I'm convinced that a mechanical HDMI switch is a bad idea in principle. Get an electronic switch so you don't have so many mechanical switch contacts that all have to be right at once! The electronic switches don't even need external power because HDMI supplies it!
"0", Never worked: Out of the box it never worked. Switched it multiple times used different inputs bad switch. Not very happy I have to return a $30 part.I bought a Radio Shack electronic switch it lasted 45min before I lost the audio. I give up!Searching for a working and tested switch not made in CHINA. Does anyone test these things before they leave the factory?
"0", cruisin: I purchased this item based upon good reviews. When i connected it to my DVD player and satellite receiver it didn't work. It also has somehow ruined the hdmi outputs of both components. I have checked the cables on other equipment and they worked fine so i am assuming that the switch created the problem. The seller( Wholesalecables ) says it is most likely a problem with the port on the equipment which is unlikely because they worked fine before connecting to this switch. All they will do is allow me to return the part for credit. I am afraid to try this switch on any other equipment. Not good service.
"4", No Reverse: Well made switch however I was hoping that I could reverse the input and output so that I could manually switch my HDMI leads having 1 input a satelite box going to 2 outs being TV's. No such luck. So if your looking to do as I thought I could do don't bother cause it won't work. The mistake was mine. What I cann't figure out is why no one out there does make a switch like that. Seems that too many of the powered HDMI switches are so poorly made they burn out quickly. Let's just make life a little MORE complicated. Get back to basics America!
"0", Static problem: Switch works fine but there is some kind of static electric issue. Whem I touch the box and push the button to switch feeds the static charge causes my computer feed to freeze up. The metal box needs to be grounded or replaced with a non-conductive material.
"4", Does what is says - simple: I have this HDMI switch and highly recommend it. Its quite simple with two HDMI inputs and one output with push button toggling. No annoying LED lights and it doesnt require any power supply totally passive. It has done the job for me for almost 3 years now.Cannot complain at all very good value for the cheap price. Got mine at Monoprice but good to see it here at Amazon.If I had to nitpick I wish it had a remote control but that is splitting hairs.
"0", Good at first then problems. Read my update.: This allows me to hook up my DVD player and DirecTV HD box to my HD Magnavox LCD TV. Simple to use simple push of a button. Very high quality. UPDATE 11/2010: I thought this switcher worked fine then began having problems. I bought it so I could feed both my Blu-Ray and DirecTV box to my Magnavox HD TV which only had ONE HDMI input connection/port. (Most HD TV's now have several inputs). Well very frequently during watching DVD's the TV screen would go into a white screen static state w/audio noise. We suspected this may have been caused by the switcher and we are now sure that was the reason.
"4", Cheap and effective: This product does what it says it does for a cheap price. If the plastic push buttons last and don't become a problem then this was a 5 star deal.
"0", works but...: Well i bought this because i needed an extra hdmi port to use with my PS3 and HD Cable reciever.For the most part it works but when watching TV or using the PS3 the video will frequently drop out and display a static screen or black screen for 3-4 seconds. This happens once every few minutes on the PS3 and even more when watching TV.I've tested the cables individually and they all work fine.Also several times when i have touched the case of the unit there has been some sort of static electrical discharge that causes the HD reciever to flip out and power cycle itself...I'm not electrician but that can't be good for the equipment...So it works with lots of problems one star may be a little harsh if it did'nt short out and reset the cable box it would probably still only get two. You're probably better off getting something else.
"4", The perfect HDMI splitter: If you know that you need a two way hdmi splitter and you're considering this product buy it. Its perfect I have an hd dvr and an hd dvd player hooked up and all i do to switch inputs is press a button. The picture is clear...it has no constant power source meaning your not going to lose any picture or sound clarity. Its basically like pulling the hdmi cable from the hd dvr and plugging it into the dvd player whenever you switch back and forth except all you do is press 1 button. People complain that "IT DOESNT HAVE A REMOTE" Tell me is a remote control going to open a dvd and put in in the player????? probably not so while your up there push the button. It is tiny as hell it can fit in to the palm of my hand it cant be bigger than a pack of smokes
"0", Stinker: "Wheel of the Winds" follows three characters known as "The Captain" "The Warden" and "The Exile" as they flee from somebody and take a journey around the world. They see a lot of landscapes and havea couple encounters with poorly described little furry creatures. And that's about it. Yes the central problem with this book is that it lacks purpose. Although billed as a story about self-discovery none of the main characters really catch your attention. As far as imagination goes this book is seriously lacking. It's just too long and boring to justify reading it despite one decent action sequence.I might say that Engh's dialogue is wooden but I don't want to insult wood. The writing is just awful most of the time with the characters simply pouring forththeir emotions and thought processes. It doesn't ever sound the slightest bit like real dialogue. Avoid this one folks cause there's nothing to see here.
"4", great travel book: Lonely Planet has done a great job of collecting travel stories of all moods and locations from great writers some well known and others just beginning.It would be a great book to take travelling because you could finish a story intead of interrupting a novel.The stories feel so real that you want to say "don't get in that car". Other stories make you well up in emotion at the "Kindness of Strangers."
"4", Diverting reading: I've read about half the short entries in 'The Kindness of Strangers' and enjoyed almost all of them. This is a great book for light reading and I am enjoying it as such - nothing terribly profound but the (true) stories are entertaining and sometimes insightful.
"0", Junk: This product worked no better then a regular FM Modulator not very well. Not worth the time to install.
"4", Nice: I have to contradict in many of the patterns there actually is side shaping if you look at the patterns and not the schematics. But it's not complicated. Side shaping is a good thing - stops the look of bulky cropped thingies! Quite honestly at first I thought I made a mistake getting this book. At first sight everything looked somewhat unexciting. But I am now making three sweaters from it. So first appearances can be deceiving. One good thing about this book is the large variety of sizes. Models too. They're all attractive but they're real looking women - not skinny teenagers. That's a touch I like! Another thing I like is that she gives yardages so it's easy to calculate what you need if you use another yarn. She also sometimes shows the designs in other yarns. Anyway I ended up ordering her newer book.
"0" picture wasn't in color?: I do like the overall design of the product but was disappointed with the picture quality especially for $200. The menu option and zoom feature are pretty neat but the picture was very blurry and I couldn't make out any details of what was being monitored. I also thought the picture was supposed to be in color? It wasn't even when the room was well lit? There was a delay in the audio portion but it was the overall picture that disappointed me. Another thing that I disliked was that when adjusting the volume the picture of our baby went away. Unfortunately I will be returning this product.
"0" It's awful: This monitor is awful you can barely see the picture because its so dark and warbled looking its not in color and the reception is not good. The screen loses the picture a lot and the sound is delayed. I returned it and bought one made by Summer and it was cheaper and works great. Would NOT recommend this product.
"0" design trails well behind desirability: The other reviews I read have been consistent with my experience with this product. The ideas are good and if executed even 50% would make this a good product. However I should admit this is the first monitor I have tried. The picture clarity delay in audio/video signal interference or green/blue clusters in picture short range (no where near 600 ft more like 100 ft) appearance of volume bars in place of child when adjusting volume and frequent loss of "pairing" between monitor unit and parent unit.... all made this a frustrating purchase and effort especially for $200.Dan
"0" Digital picture did not look great.: I liked the compact design of this monitor but unfortunately the reception was not great. I had some type of intereference every 2 minutes or so. I could see 'pixels' on the screen and in some cases over half of the screen was just blue or black when the monitor was looking for a signal (all over the house). This used to happen with digital cable when it was new I remember. When the picture did come in the quality of it reminded me of watching a movie on the internet. Quick movements were choppy and there seemed to be a 2 second delay. That also meant when our baby cried I heard the real cry and then heard the cry on the monitor echo 2 seconds later (and then again and again at lower volumes). It is also a little annoying that when you higher or lower the volume the picture shuts off and has to find a signal again which takes a few seconds. Overall I expected a much clearer picture from a monitor that uses digital technology and was this expensive.
"0" Not so good: We bought this monitor four mos. ago and it's not that great for what we paid. The picture does not appear to be color even in the light. The volume is super loud even at the lowest setting. When you turn it on you have to reduce the volume immediately and it beeps loudly and annoyingly as you do so. In addition the battery is now dying quicker and quicker these days.Now the picture looks like that of a TV on the fritz and we've never dropped or otherwise abused the monitor.
"0" Terrible: We can't even tell when our almost 3 year old is in bed and with the head not being able to pivot like some of the summer monitors we're stuck looking in one place. it takes forever to initialize the video and the reception is just AWFUL even less than 100 FT from her room. Skip it.
"0" Not air-tight: This is a nice leather box and looks impressive. But it is not good for storing cigars because it is not air-tight. When I hold it up to a lamp I can see light coming through. Also the hygrometer is not accurate. I put it in my large humidor and it gives me a different reading than my other two hygrometers (-11%). To make it worse the hole in the lid is too large and the hyrgometer falls out. Made in China.
"0" Picture doesn't match: Ordered these thinking it was the shorts and instead received the tank top. Should have known by the description but the picture is deceiving. Other than that the product is decent will probably buy elsewhere next time though.
"0" Sizing is way off: The quality of the product is good however the sizing is WAY off. I ordered a 2X and it is barely a Large. I would not do business here again it was a waste of my money. If you need a large buy the 2X it will be perfect and probably last a good long time.
"4", One of the best: This movie is very entertaining though perhaps dated. I loved Anne Baxter's performance. It's a 50's post-civil war western drama (based on no historical fact whatsoever). I suspect it was made to cash in on Heston's popularity. I absolutely loved it.
"4", Much improvement: I have just finished watching the 4th. season and I must admit I was impressed. So far this has been the best season yet. Since I am a sci-fi fan first thing I will comment on is special effects. As you know the previous seasons effects were good but not as they should have been the detail was lacking and a lot of shots were recycled. This season the effects definitely improved a lot more definition to details better realism amazing space battles. The story has also improved considerably they were interesting had good continuation made you think and be entertained at the same time. Overall every part of the show stepped up quite a few notches. So if you got through the first 3 seasons and have decided not to watch the rest you are making a mistake. If you are a true sci-fi fan you will not be dissapointed.
"0" Don't waste your money: Too bad they don't have a zero rating. This article is highly overpriced. Aprox 700 words and no meat whatsoever.
"0" I didn't care for the Nivea Eye Make ...: I didn't care for the Nivea Eye Make Up Remover. On the container it states ""Especially For Waterproof & Long Lasting Make Up."" I used it to remove regular wear makeup and it took three applications. However it had a nice creamy texture. I don't believe I'll be purchasing this product in the future until improvements are made. And I wouldn't recommend it to any friends or family.
"0" I didn't like this product at all! I ...: I didn't like this product at all! I tried it how it said to be used on the tube but it still stung my eyes. I wouldn't reccommend this product to anybody. It' a waste of money and ladies baby oil can take off any kind of stubborn eye makeup. Just wash it off real well afterwards.
"4", pretty good: this item is pretty good. it doesn't sting the eyes. I do find I have to use a couple of "doses" to really get the makeup off. but definitely better than those awful liquids out there. the tube opens on the bottom which I find a little awkward... actually it would be fine if it had a flip-top but you have to unscrew it. having a flip top means you could handle it one-handed while holding your washcloth or eye makeup pad in the other hand. a small matter of convenience. the cream cleanser is all right somehwat effective and non stinging non drying.
"0" still woke up with major racoon eyes: For the $6 I paid it could of worked better....I still woke up with major racoon eyes.
"4", A BONDING SEALER: Deft Step Saver is a finish with more solids. I learned about this product at my farm supply store. I dip my bandsaw boxes into a shallow bath and then let the excess fluid drip into a pan for recycling. This finish seems to stabilize my boxes with a protective coating. I like the product. Unfortunately it is not widely available. Amazon is my source for this product.
"4", Bling Bling Rocks My World: I tell u something....A couple years back I heard of this band called Mars Electric they had one of the most awesome Singers/Guitar Players that I had ever heard. They were awesome then I heard that the singer had moved on to play guitar in a band called LYNAM. I decided to check them out. Saw them play at a club and bought their cd (at the time they had out WHITE TRASH SUPERSTAR) It was such an awesome cd that I came to be the biggest Lynam fan there was. Then came BLING BLING....and OH MY GOD....this cd BLOWS ME AWAY. It is in my cd player 24/7. It has everything from Rocking songs like BEMUSED and DELLA....to The Love song 'LOSING VENUS' (if you havent heard this one...buy it now)It has the party song 'WASTE MY LIFE' and the list gets better and better. I guarantee you to love this cd! ...
"0" Disappointing for such a talented musician: Jude Cole is blessed with extraordinary talent - unfortunately it doesn't appear on this record. The songs are rather non-descript and lack energy as if Jude wrote them late at night after a long day. An unmemorable recording that sadly will eventually gather dust on my shelf. Here's to hoping that his next album sparkles much like his early material.
"0" WILL THE REAL JUDE COLE PLEASE STAND UP: WHAT HAPPENED TO THE GOOD 70ISH ROCK FROM VIEW FROM 3RD STREET AND START THE CAR??? MORE GRUNGE ROCK IS ALL WE GET ANYMORE I GUESS. A VIEW FROM 3RD STREET AND START THE CAR ARE TWO OF MY FAVORITE ALBUMS IN MY VAST COLLECTION BUT THE LAST TWO FROM JUDE COLE ARE BAD TO SAY THE LEAST...VERY DISAPPOINTING
"4", Jude Cole is Back!!: I'll keep it short: While Falling Home may not be as good as "View" and "Start the Car" it certainly qualifies as classic Jude Cole material. "Home" is a showcase for Jude's talents playing nearly every intrument on the CD and producing. "Falling Home" is a must have for any Jude Cole Fan!
"4", A GREAT ALBUM: I have never wrote an online review but this CD is worth the time. I have all Jude Coles CD's except the first self titledone and I am still loking for it. I can put in any Jude ColeCD and listen to it from start to finish and this one is noexception. My favorite track is Any Dark Day.I think itis a shame that he has not got more air play. It just goes toshow that most Radio Stations will not play quality music.Most artist rush to put out a CD every year and the musicsuffers. Jude Cole takes his time and you can tell by thequality of his music. I can't wait for the next CD.
"4", jude give us some more music cole: judeyou are still smoking arnt you!!!! there is one song on this album....peaceful in mine......its the best song ive ever heard!!!!There are several songs on this album that are more than good!!!The only advice i would give to you Judeis this.....dont stop writting and for GODs sake give us some more music!!!!We love you nowand we always will!!Your friend from the quad cities.....Dennis. could really tear up a pizza from FRANKs right about now!!!!!!!!!! take care jude!!
"0" Couldn't maintain good start: I was hooked from the early pages but the story just did not maintain my interest.Regardless of how many sex book Sophie had exposrue had read I find really don't think a spinster would be as sexually aggressive a she was towards Lionel.I also did not like the way Lionel's SIX sons took over the story. After they came on the scene the romance was really almost like an after thought.I would not recommend this book or buy another work by this writer.
"4", Great!: I am thoroughly satisfied with this controller! It was worth the price on account most controllers cost quite a bit. I got it within three days which was awesome considering I thought it'd take a week or so to get it. The only thing that made me question the seller was the way the controller was packaged. The controller itself was wrapped in plastic wrap and then in paper. But it was used and it works great! Creative way of shipping a product without the box! I would definitely recommend buying anything from this seller!
"0" Outside good inside not very good: The control came sealed but brings some problems. Since it off within minutes of play and has new batteries. With control comes with manufacturing problems outside everything is fine the problem is internal I hope you fix or repair will have to be :-S
"4", Xbox 360 Wireless Controller: This is definately a must have for people that own an Xbox 360. I have two controllers both wireless but only have one battery charger for one controller. But this controller is nice you can turn it on/off from the controller! And it has a big range so you can be far away from it. Plus no wire tangling trouble which I had alot with the Xbox 1. This is a good controller and worth the price pick it up!!
"4", Works great but it came very dirty.: The product came in good shape but it was really dirty. It worked perfectly however like I said it was really dirty. I had to take some household cleaning agents to clean it. It had some gunk between and on the buttons and triggers but it plays like new. I only say this because I payed a few extra bucks for it because it said that the item is in like new shape. After cleaning it. It looks practically new. Happy about it.
"4", One extremely fragile controller.: Whatever you do don't drop this thing. Its awesome playing without a wire but once you drop it you may be annoyed with the aftermath. A button becomes stuck your player in the game moves on its own and other things that could happen after it has been dropped. So just a warning: be extremely careful and don't endure the amount of time I have had with a semi broken controller. Mine still work just not the way it should.
"4", Excellent Xbox 360 Peripheral: I love this wireless controller. The wireless system works great and you never have to worry about unplugging the controller again! This is a huge improvement to me over the old controllers. If you play many video games this new controller is one of the first Peripherals you should buy. It makes gaming much more relaxed and fun considering the lack of wires.
"0" Disappointed: The seller stated that the controllers were new. Out of the three that I purchased only one was new and the other two controllers were in horrible shape. The buttons were worn and they had scratches all over the them. They were suppose to be Christmas gifts for my boys not anymore. I will never again purchase anything from this seller.
"0" controller: controller was defective. offered a refund but the fact that a corporation would send out defective equipment is inconceivable. maybe they should test their equipment again before trying to make a quick buck and open inventory space.
"0" xbox controller: I don't know how to review the controllers I bought since I never recieved them. I would never buy anything from Smith817 ever again. I never got a tracking number on my controllers to see where they were & I never recieved my controllers that were suppose to be a christmas present for my kids for there xbox.
"4", Good but not Perfect: The wireless controllers for the 360 are of course amazingly comfortable. There is one small problem unlike the PS3 controllers they do not have a built in Lithium ion rechargeable battery which is a serious problem. I wish Microsoft had been less cheap and made that an included feature on their controllers rather than a separate thing you must buy.
"4", Nothing special nothing bad neither: Just the same wireless controller that comes with ur xbox360. Range is pretty good I never thought having a wired controller was annoying until i got the xbox360 with wireless controllers. If you have this definitely pick up the rechargeable battery packs along with it as well as the quick-charge kit.
"4", Wireless is the new way!: This controller is great and the fact that it is wireless means that it can work almost anywhere. There are no cords to tangle or get in your way. The guide button also works to turn on the console wirelessly.A good thing about this controller is that it can be used to turn on the Xbox 360. By pressing the guide button the wireless controller sends a signal that turns on the console. This means that you don't even have to get up to turn on the Xbox 360 making it great for lazy people!(just kidding)The only bad thing about this controller is that it never is really turned off. Even when it is not being used the "player one" light on the "ring of light" glows faintly. This greatly reduces the battery life if you do not disconnect the battery pack. It is not all that bad but it is stupid that the battery pack can become depleted even if you don't use it.
"4", A superb controller: I really feel Microsoft has done a great job with this pad. After the original XBox controller that felt like it was made backwards this one feels great. The buttons are placed right and it fits well in your hands. Generally I would say it's a toss up between the PS3 and 360 control. They both do the job right. The trigger buttons feel placed well and even the analog sticks are in a good place. This paddle also gets excellent range without loosing it's signal. My only qualm is personal. My experience after playing long hours is that right hand gets a little tight from gripping the control pad. I am sure most people feel just fine gripping this pad. Make sure you get a rechargable batterey pack so you don't spend a fortune on batteries. This pad is obviously a must have for anyone with a 360.
"4", no more tripping and clutterness: i bought the wireless controller because i was tried of wrapping and twisting the cables on the controller up getting tangled up with other things and never reaching where i wanted to sit. the controller is versaltile and can be used as a wired remote when batteries are dead.
"4", Controller: Over all the controller worked well the batteries it comes with didnt last long though that was the only problem with the controller.
"4", Got it for my nephew: He was so excited to open this and now has additional controllers for his Xbox. It made him very happy.
"4", Great controller: Well worth the money bought this a while back. Works great till this day. I should actually buy another as I need a forth now.
"0" Epic fail for PC users: This controller does not work with Windows. Please stop posting that it does.1. When I opened it I thought surely it would come with a cord to connect and charge over USB. WRONG. MS can't afford to give you a cord. It takes a batteries.2. Ok so no cord no big deal surely it uses a standard USB cord I can just plug in like a PS3 controller. WRONG. It uses a proprietary connector designed by NASA.3. Ok so no cord well surely I can download the software and pair it since it uses bluetooth. WRONG. It uses a proprietary communication system designed by NASA. You have to purchase a special receiver to use it.Three strikes and it was in my trash can. Not worth the hassle to return to Amazon. People wanting these for their PCs need to order the "Xbox 360 Controller for Windows". Those are not wireless but should come with a cord.
"0" xbox 306 controller: it says it was in acceptable shape but the fact is it was so bad dirty and all the button sticks when pressed and on of the trigger you have to press reallyhard on.it took me one whole hr to clean it.I so regret wasting my money on it do not by acceptable from this guy acceptable = bad maybe dosent work
"0" xbox 360 controller: Yea I purchased a xbox 360 controller and recieved it in today and it was wrapped up with paper towel and tape...in a box with a can lid in the box... the controller came without a battery pack on the back or any battery pack inserts to use 2 a batteries I was very dissapointed in buying from this buyer it was also very worn and torn up. it was discolored and stained.
"0" GARBAGE CONTROLLER: Controller was raggedy as hell dont buy from this guy...very dissapointed...THIS IS THE FIRST TIME I HAVE BOUGHT SOMETHING ON HERE AND NOT BEEN SATISFIED
"0" A Rip-Off from the Wii U Pro Controller...: This controller is horrible. First off I'd like to say that Microsoft ripped the Wii U Pro Controller. Clickable sticks L R and the rest. even they ripped the SelectHomeStart buttons from the Wii U Pro Controller. If Microsoft made this controller different I would like it.
"4", is it just me??: Is it just me or has anyone else had the problem of when you connect the headset to the controller everyone can hear you perectlyBut you can barely hear them and it sounds like there gargling while takling?..Xbox has sent me 2 headsets and still the same..I've tried both my controllers (both wireless) and still the same...I don't know just thought I'd throw that out there cause it makes playing online suck =/...As for the controller itself i like it WAY better than the old xbox controller.not having the white and black buttons on the bottom right and up top next to the triggers was brilliant!and my only gripe about the old xbox one...Wireless is the way to go for sure!!!!..I give this controller only 4 stars because of my current situation which could be a number of things though...Highly recommened for being able to just lay in bed and not have to worry about people tripping the wire!!
"0" Doesn't work well: Button on controller sticks does not work well. Also did not state the fact that controller uses rechargeable battery that required special charger
"0" Xbox 360 controller: It having problem charging. You need a plug to be able to used it without a plug you can't used it.
"0" Not what I expected: The controller arrived without a battery cover. If that what was supposed to happen the vendor should have made it clear that the cover was not included...
"0" You get what you paid for: The product itself is cheap. The joysticks don't works smoothly and the entire product feels light. Not to mention one accidental drop and the thing shatters and you can't just it again. I'm dissappointed because normally these are good quality... I must have received a defect or a knock-off.
"4", X box controller great!: It is great to have a controller that doesn't have wires so I can play games wherever in the room and not have to worry about tripping over them.
"4", Great controller: The controller worked well with no flaws. It works the way we expected it to. As usual Amazon customer service was the best there is. Great product great service.
"4", wireless controller: Bought in the US to use on a machine bought in Sweden. It didn't 'find' the Xbox360 when I first put the batteries in but after I plugged in the play and charge cabel it was OK and now it finds it when I turn it on without plugging it in. Arrived in the time specified in good condition.
"4", Great controller lacks new technology: I was surprised to see that the only technological addition made to the 360 controller was the addition of wireless. The virbrating controller is just as bland as ever. They have yet to add neccessary features like hand coolers and they should also consider adding another set of trigers to be used by your middle finger.
"4", it's a white controller: It's a white controller that's it.It syncs good to the xbox and the battery lasts a while when playing Halo or Geometry Wars.Wireless is very very nice
"4", Wireless Controller: I was disappointed that it didn't come with the plug and play charge kit and it took 2 attempts to get it to charge fully but since it took I have been having a blast with it. The controllers have lasted me bout a week with normal use before having to recharge. :) I am a happy xbox360'er
"4", Xbox 360 Wireless Control: This device works great. You don't have to mess around with synchronization you just hold down the Xbox button in the center and it automatically assigns you a player title (ex Player 1 Player 2 Player 3 or Player 4). The wireless works great and is very liberating to the gamer. The battery life is also great very long-lasting.
"0" Unexpected Quality: The packaging of the product was poor. Something wrong with the controller the left analog stick kept skewing right. The overall packaging and the quality of this controller was a bit disappointed.
"4", It works: hey it works. what more can you ask for? comes with batteries. it's wireless. and it comes in different colors too! thumbs up!
"0" problems with controller: controller sticks and made squeeking noises - returned to Amazon same day have not received credit yet
"0" Lost packages: This package they have not delivered it to me. Nobody gives me information.Please someone that me of an explanationregardsnathaly mendoza
"0" game controller broken upon arrival: i have made several attempts to return but i have not heard back from amazon.c0m
"4", Wireless > Wired: I know I'm not the only one who remembers Nintendo's first attempts at wireless controllers. Since then I've always had that in mind and was reluctant to try these wireless controllers for the 360.But these are amazing.They feel just as responsive and reliable as any wired controller and if you really want to you have the option of hooking them up to your 360 with another accessory (not included) later if you really prefer wired.Misc.:The "X" button in the middle of the controller is used to access the 360 dashboard not just to turn on/off the console.If you turn the console off through the dashboard these controllers will automatically turn off to save battery power.NOTE: This item does NOT come with a rechargeable battery pack. (-1 Star)
"4", Controller review: An excellent controller. This is the third one we picked up to give more people the opportunity to play. Quick responsive.
"4", rocks!!: ok you probably dont need the extra kudos here...everyone knows this is pretty much the best controller out there right now. Add on the fact that you can use this one a PC with a simple $20 accessory that auto discovers up to 4 controllers and booyah! this is so cool just like the other side of the pillow (props to stu scott ESPN). go get one :)
"0" product is in bad condition and does not have a battery pack so no way of checking to see if it works: product is in bad condition and does not have a battery pack so no way of checking to see if it works
"0" ok. but not new: i thought it was new but definately wasn't. also different than normal xbox but it is a microsoft product. works good though
"0" Wrong color: The controller is black with a white battery cover. It was supposed to be a white controller. It works but it would have been nice to get what I ordered.
"4", Like New: Came like it said!The left analog stick was a little bit sticky but easily fixed!Everything's in great shape and I would definitly recommend it!
"4", I would give it 5 stars but...: Ok lets admit this controller is awesome. It's comfortable all buttons are nicely spaced and its fun to you use. And the wireless range is amazing. My bro goes downstairs and he can control it from there. The one thing that gets me mad is the way it eats up batteries. But I got the Powerstation and it's very so good so I got that solved
"0" used and in need of repair: I order 2 controllers one had a bad circuit board so I used the parts off it. the other needed a new thumb controller so I replaced it. BEWARE OF USED.
"4", Under wrong category: Labeled as a video game. Anyways the controller works like it should and has held up great with a lot of use.
"4", Great xbox 360 controller.: Well what can i say other than this is an authentic Microsoft Xbox 360 wireless controller? Feels great looks great performs great. Never hurts to have an extra controller; or two or three =]
"4", Good Controller: What can I say about this controller? It's sturdy and fits my hands well. Battery life on the controller is pretty good...it'll last me about 20-24 hrs. of playing time; howeve people who game more often may want a rechargeable kit. It's funny how prices of the xbox360 goes down but the controller stays the same. The controller is pricey but what are the other alternatives?
"4", Xbox controler: so far so good. it sync right up with my xbox 360 and i used it for a good amount of time.
"4", Xbox 360 Wireless Controller - White: The Xbox 360 control was a good decision to buy on Amazon and not had any difilcultad eh to make use of it with my friends.
"0" terrible: this guy said on his controller that it was a very good used controller and that's all it said about the product. so i bought it and he shipped me a controller with initials on the bottom and the rs analog stick didn't work and the battery pack didn't go in and come out right.
"4", great controller: this controller is just the thing i need to beat some of my other games and i was happy to recieve it yesterday.
"4", Wireless FOr The Next Xbox: I really have to admit although I don't have a Xbox 360 yet I am definitely surprised about the controller. I recently got to try a demonstration of the controller and I was definitely feeling this might be the controller of the future. The standard Microsoft Xbox 360 wireless controller is a convient and comfortable controller that any gamer can play. I also like the convience that you have that you can actually turn the game system on and off which is actually amazing. You could never do that before and you can do it now. This is a great buy for anybody who owns a Xbox 360 and wants more gamers to play with around with them.Controller: B+Price: BOverall: B
"4", question: i know this is a stupid question but do u all know that will a U.S. xbox360 system support a japanese wireless xbox 360 controller? i heard it from one of my friend when he went to hong kong and he saw teh price and he said that is pretty cheap.
"0" 50%: Ordered two Xbox 360 wireless controllers through Amazon while overseas. They arrived a day or so early but only one of them worked properly. One of the controllers will only work when directly plugged into the Xbox and sometimes justs quits working. Next time i will just wait and buy from Bestbuy.
"0" Damaged Goods: I know that XBox controllers work. I've played on many of them that were fine. The one I bought however was literally falling apart. I've since fixed most of the problems but now there is no rubber gripping on my thumbsticks because the day I got it most of the rubber was already peeled off and in the bag it came in leaving my thumbs raw from the rough edges.
"0" wow this sucks: i purchased a pink xbox controller because well that's just the sort of stuff girl gamers do. my red button basically broke in 2 months. i mean it still works if i press really hard but it's just not responsive and there's no spring-back action. it just sort of gets stuck.it also doesn't help that i just got the infamous "3 ring of death" on my 360 last night. I already preordered a PS3 slim and i don't intend to go back to xbox.
"0" obviously most of you have never used a wireless controller before: Dont get me wrong the controller is inovative and feels good and is really a grea idea but the one huge problem that noone has mentioned is how these things eat up batteries put it this way you need to put new a batteries in the damn thing every three days and that is not cool at all! I will be buying the wire controlers from now onThe premium system should have included the battery charger im othere than this MAJOR ISSUE the controller is great but again let me stress this issue...it is not fun to be in the middle of an online fight in Fight Night 3 and have your controller (that you just put batteries in well at least you thought you did) die and get you knocked out when you were clearely winning the fight.
"0" still havent got my remote and its been almost a month!!!!: Yeah ive almost been waiting a month for my white wireless controller and honestly im a little pissed off that i have been waiting this long for it and it still isnt here. WTH where is it? ive tracked this thing like 12 times and it still says that its in seattle on its way and i ordered it on april 13 and got an email saying that it shipped out on the 15th. why is it taking so long are these guys trying to steal my money or what im varrrrrrrrrryyyy unhappy and recomend these guys for shopping.
"4", Controll great!: Works great!!! It works better then our first one that came with our 360. will buy another if need in furture.
"4", Great deal and fast shipping: This was an amazing deal it saved me about 20 dollars from actually going to a store and buying it. it was the actual remote wireless and all and it worked great havent had a problem with it yet and do not plan on it either. I think that most people should check into this deal because it was the best money saving for this product!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!
"0" A button Sticks on Brand New Controller: So I used this controller for about 2 hours the first night and realized that the A button sticks. I have never bought a brand new controller where a button sticks before. So I am not very happy about it.
"4", very pleased: My son purchased this for his older brother. In spite of the new games on the market my 5 sons still have a blast with the Xbox 360. How do I know ?By the amount of laughter loud noise that comes from the room they play it in.Outrageously fun!
"4", Missed it by that much: I think the wireless controller is an awesome item to own for the 360. All the same features are available that the wired one has.The good: Wireless lets you travel room to room while playing games like uno/puzzle quest where you'll recieve a slight vibration when it's your turn. Perfect if you are a little busy but don't want to disconnect offline. Perfect for people who have kids or animals or a slight hybrid of both hehe!The bad: you need to recharge it constantly and if you play alot then you'll be recharging it every other day.Also i've already had one break and i'm an occational gamer so i'm not sure if the one I got was defective. I called xbox hotline and did manage to get it replaced after a few months. Just be warned that it only has a 3 month warranty!!
"4", wireless controllers: Wireless is the only way to go. No wires and clutter. Our kids love these. They fit children's hands and adults as well. They work like the older version but without wires the bonus part is they are smaller than the older controllers. Now you can play with out accidentally unplugging yourself during the thrill of the moment. Batteries required.
"4", Awesomeness. Get one!: Best wireless controllers I have ever used. The battery life is great. Rated for 30 hours but I believe mine last longer.
"4", Xbox 360 controller review: The Xbox 360 controller works and was designed perfectly. I'm glad it's not big and bulky like the old Xbox controllers. I'm also glad it's wireless which means no more tripping over controllers. 5 STARS OUT OF 5!!!!!
"0" Excellent Customer Service on Faulty Product: Like others I bought this for my iPhone 3G. The first one did not work at all. The second worked intermittently but more often than not it did not work. Boxwave was excellent about working with me to resolve the problems but in the end there was no consistency to when it would work and when it would fail making it rather useless. To their credit Boxwave responded to all of my emails quickly and refunded me for the charger and adapter no questions asked all shipping paid by them. I still have all of my cables that I have bought from them to over the past few years and use my VersaCharger all the time. It's a shame this product is still advertised as working on the 3G. They really should pull it until they fix these problems as it sullies the name of an otherwise good company.
"4", Versatile and fills my needs: I was looking for two things and found both in one with a flashlight thrown in. First I needed a battery case to carry an extra 4 as for the hand-held amateur radio I commute with. This device only gets 4 stars because it isn't waterproof but an Aloksak solves that. The other thing I was looking for was a backup for my cell phone. This device will charge my LG cell phone as well as my Sony Walkman MP3 player. And a bright even LED flashlight backup is a bonus. It saved me money and saves me space and weight. I'm happy.
"0" Simply DOES NOT WORK with iPod or iPhone.: I just received this yesterday. It was shipped fast and the look and feel of it is impressive. The light works great and that's about it. When connected to my iPhone 3g or iPod Nano 2g it does nothing. It does recharge my Kensington mini battery but the iPhone will not charge if this thing is also attached to the Kensington at the same time. Boxwave's web site claims that this is compatible with iPhone 3g. Well it isn't.
"0" Seems to discharge batteries even when not in use.: The device seems to chew away at batteries even when not in use nothing but problems with the device.
"0" Doesn't work on T-Mobile G1: Just plain doesn't charge the T-Mobile G1. The light lights up fine but checking the output with a multimeter it looks like it's putting out 6 volts instead of 5. Poor poor design. So disappointed.
"0" If you buy this for Zune you may as well burn your money!: I purchased this item to use with my Zune. At first the item does not work and they tell you you must purchase their "MiniSync" cables because Microsoft uses some sort of proprietary cable. So I purchased those cables and the device still does not work. They sent me another one of these devices and that one does not work either. I have attempted to use it with my Zune (1gen) Moto Q9m cell phone and Ipod Shuffle (2gen) with no luck. So unless your looking for a $40 LED flashlight stay away from this product!
"4", This along with Cookin' are our children's favorite music!: This is a great kids album. Lots of foot-stomping musical tunes as well as beautiful ballads such as Dandelion. Rosen sings wholesome messages with wonderfully catchy tunes. Parents will enjoy this too! (We do!)
"0" Purchased an item that I thought it was something else.: The product that I bought was videos from the ages I though I was buying a live concert. My mistake not happy.
"4", Great workout!: This is a great workout and one that really works you. I like it and can't wait until I get better at it!!
"4", i am the biggest loser: this is cardio to the max.....literally....i love this video to break up my routine of walking and using my treadmill. be prepared to sweat. in a good way.
"4", Great!: I love this workout. It is challenging and can be longer or shorter depending on how much time you have. It works your whole body and gets your heart rate up. I would highly recommend this to anyone even if it's been awhile since your last workout!
"4", Awesome workout: Awesome workout Bob really kicks your butt and leaves you sweating so you know your losing weight and getting results!
"0" OK but not for me: I found it a very intense workout. it is high intensity circuit for those looking for me. Not for me though.
"4", pleasantly surprised: Prior to trying this workout I was a P90x girl. I love an intense workout unfortunately at 4 months pregnant P90x was no longer appropriate for me. I browsed around for a good prenatal workout but I couldn't find anything with the desired level of intensity...i'm pregnant but I still want to feel as though I'm getting a challenging workout. This dvd really fit the bill for me. I've just began using it so I've only done Bob's segment...it left me in a pool of sweat but the modifications allowed me to perform all the moves in a low impact manner that was appropriate for my pregnant state. Definitely looking forward to level 2 as a part of my postpartum routine!
"4", A good home workout alternative: Got this for my wife who works out religiously. They're easy toset up and follow. These workouts will get you in shape in no time!A nice supplement to other forms of exercise.
"4", Good Workout: This workout is good. Makes you sweat with some added toning. I work out pretty often and like intense workouts and Id say this one was like an 7 out of 10 on intensity. Its a nice addition to my collection that will get used.
"4", I love Bob's Style: I usually do Tony Horton so I wanted to branch out and see how Bob is. He does not disappoint! You need a fairly big area to work out though. I like the ability to choose which workouts to add-what a cool feature! Bob keeps you moving! I am not looking to lose a lot of weight I just work out to be healthy so I alternate this with other videos.
"4", Fantastic: Bob is awesome & energetic. This is a great DVD to make you work and sweat! Walking outside is great but if you can't due to weather this is a great alternative!
"0" Poor instruction and demonstration: The overall workout probably isn't that bad. The problem is that the exercises are not led by fitness professionals nor are the people demonstrating them. The instructions are not always clear and when you watch the people they are often doing different things with varried positions and timing so they seem confused themselves. I understand the idea of using people who have lost weight as inspiration but I would rather be guided by someone who can do and teach the exercises properly.
"0" No Jillian?: I was very said when I watched the video and there was no Jillian. I think amazon has messed up the filing because I clicked on a box that had Jillian on it and it lead me to this workout with mainly Bob. Anyone have the same problem?
"0" Modest Protection: Well it's a half helmet with only a DOT rating. Not much to it. I wouldn't bother if I were you. Basically you get what you pay for with a helmet - and there's too much at stake to go cheap.
"4", Fantastico!: What a great buy. I am glad I went to Amazon first! Thank you for the great service. Always get my purchases right away.
"4", Informative & well worth reading: Using their own colorful personal experiences and those of other mediumsthe authors present an intriguing well-rounded view of mediumship. In a field still not widely researched this book offers a revealing glimpse into the "hows" and "whys" of communicating with spirits. Information gleaned from interviews of some of today's most respected mediums - coupled with historical facts about personalities of a bygone era - combine to make the book very readable. Yet its insights challenge the reader to examine how spiritualism fits into his or her own belief system. It's well worth reading for both those experienced in the metaphysical and those who are just beginning a spiritual journey.
"4", A book I would recommend: This is a wonderful book for personal and spiritual development! The first hand account was very well done! A very different perspective. As a bonus the book arrived instantly on my Kindle.
"4", Soul Asylum is the song that Everyone thinks is Tom Petty's song but it is not!! We have it!: Well I an sorry to disappoint everyone this is not the song like we thought Tom Petty sanghowever Soul Asylum sing it and he I quote"Does sing it well and yes people he does sound like Tom Petty.Look if you want Tom Petty's song Run away Trains with an s get it but Soul sings Run way Train with no s. And he has a lot of other good songs on the CD too.Tom Petty also has lot's of good songs like Running down a dream and some others like I won't back down and on other Cd's Mary Jane .Search and see his Cd's and even Tom Petty and the heart breakers by the way I also have some thing to tell you that he sang with the {Yard birds}before he went on his own from also the what was later called "The Birds".thx againmedicine
"4", It is a door mat - not a rug: Football rug is a stretch. It is merely a doormat. The product is good quality just make sure you check the dimensions you want vs what you'll get: 22"x35"
"4", A must for safety: I recomend this for anyone paragliding but even more so for powered paraglider pilots. Typically if you are new to a free flight site you are never the first one in the air. When you are powered paragliding you will often find yourself launching alone or with a small group and someone has to go first. Wouldn't you like to know what is going on above you? This is the book that will explain the air and how to predict what is actually going on without throwing yourself into it. I can say I've stayed grounded more then once because of the info in the book only to find a front pass though minutes later.
"0" Not the best: The songs contain a lot of great vocabulary but the words are not used in context in the songs. This makes just learning from listening more challenging. You might listen to the songs and HEAR new vocabulary but will not know the meanings unless you use a dictionary. Rock the SAT is the gold standard for vocabulary accumulation via rock and roll songs.
"0" Is okay...: After going through the songs I decided to work on the workbook without music. Honestly the music wasn't my style. I listen to stuff like Godsmack Nightwish and even AC/DC. This music is geared more towards the pop culture... which even that I listen to sometimes. This music... no go.The worksheets are great though.
"0" scary: I borrowed this from the library. Just listening to it gave me goosebumps (and not the good kinds that the music instructors say they get when listening to good music). I was dying even before the first song ended. The only decent song in here was "Already Taken." I don't recommend anyone to get this. I finally found the worst music in the world. The exercises are pretty useful just DON'T LISTEN TO THE CD! It's for your own good.
"0" Too lame for today's teens: I purchased this book for my SAT prep students on the advice of glowing reviews I read here but frankly if this book ever was hip it definitely no longer is. The songs are corny and it is actually kind of hard to hear the vocabulary words enunciated in the singers' efforts to sound cool. I apologetically lent it to a younger student of mine who was studying for the ISEE and SSAT but you can't fool a middle school student either it seems.On the plus side the vocab lists and exercises can be a good supplement to other vocab drills and the "graffitti wall" is perhaps a clever idea but again probably will be scorned by today's teens.
"4", It's a Great read: "Until Angels Close My Eyes" was one of the most emotional books I have read. It is the 3rd book in a 3 book series. In this final book Lurlene McDaniel sets the main characterLeah on a new journey. Leah is having trouble with her loving 5th step dad Neil because his cancer is coming back. And at the same time Leah's Amish boyfriend is living with her family. Leah has so much going on that she is confused. Her mother is getting up-set about Neil's cancer. Leah is having boyfriend troubles because he wants to be "English." Lurlene McDaniel writes of cancer to others because her son had cancer. I recommend this book to anyone who enjoys reading drama and heart warmingsad stories. With all the demands McDaniel is getting I hope she writes another one and tells what happens to Leah. I know I'll read it!
"4", amazing!: I think that this book was a great book. I have read it three times through and I really love everything about it. I think that it's on a very realistic line. Personally it's one of my favorite books and after I read it I went to every book store I could to find it but it ended up finding it about three months later. I love Lurlene McDaniel's books she's my favorite writer. She helps give me my motivation with my work. I also want to be a writer and I notice how she writes and most all her books end sadly and that makes it all better. I don't know who wouldn't like this book.
"4", You'll Never Want to Put it Down!: I found that as soon as I started this book I could not put it down. Although it helps to read Lifted Up by Angels before reading it. It shows you different forms of love. Forinstance the love of your family and your first love. I cried in most of the book. Although I was a little upset by the ending but at the same time I found it to be very heartfelt.
"4", Amish or Engish: This book is the best! It is one of three in it series.It's the last of the three.I have read it twice in the last year and I am reading it agian now.I really enjoy this book.It is a story about a girl named Leah.(in the first book had cancer)while in the hospital she meets a guy named Ethan and he is amish.They meet and fall in love.Leah is now faced with a more problems then she can take. Ethan is caught between Leah engish and his family and life on the farm. will there love for each other be enough to keep them together?Lurlene McDanial's is alsome!She is a great author.h Her books are hard to put down.I really liked "Until Angels Close My eyes." It is romatic and at the same time keeps you on the edge of your seat. The end is not something that you would expect. I reconmend that you read this book.
"4", I thought that this book was the best that I have ever read.: I like Lurlene's books because she always gives you what life is like in the real world. When I first started reading my first of her books I was like "this is going to be all happy all the time." But it wasn't. it showed people who don't live in the real world what it's really like.
"4", SOOOOOO SAD YET HAPPY: i am glad that Ethan went back to his own ways but it is so sad yet it brings the story to an end  so I say great you don't need to write anymore stories about Ethan and Leah. If you think I'm wrong Email me.
"4", good but needs more: I thought until angels close my eyes was a good book. I also thougt the other two were good too. But I think that there should be another book about how Leah either goes on with her life or gets back together with Ethan.... Other then that it was great
"0" I'm soooo disapointed......: I may be being to critical of this because I expected soo much more. I was so incredably mad to be really getting into it towards the end then all of a sudden Ethan leaves Leah there crying. AHH. Everyone was about to slap me after a week of whining about how mad I was that it ended like that. Can't Lurlene please make a happy ending for Leah. I'm currently writing my own ending to this story!! I hope she come out with a sequal to redeem my trust in her "wonderful" writing. Don't read it unless you want to scream your head off and cry yourself to sleep!!Lurlene: Please redeem my trust and write a sequal. At this point in time I don't want to read another one of your books. At least you can right a sequal to tell us what happens to Leah and Ethan years later!! I beg you......
"4", inspirational: This book Until Angels Close My Eyes. Was a very inspirational in my eyes!!!!!! I bought this book at the book fair at school. I read it right through band class!!!!!!!!! I never could put it down. I think you should read all of the Lurlene McDaniel books you can absorb. That's why I think you should read Lurlene McDaniel books. I once did a report on her. It was very intresting to read about her life. She had family who had chronic illness. That's where I think she gets all of her inspiration.
"4", Good Love story: This book was a good love story. But the author should have made the ending happy not sad and heartbreaking for Leah. The ending made me cry soo much! But I would still recommend it.
"0" Well I guess it can't be any worse!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!: I thought that the first two books of this "angel" series were some of the absolute worst books I have ever read!!! They are fast moving and so they grip you and make you want to read more. This is fine except for the fact that they are poorly written have no style just cranked out (as the Beatles put it "just another paperback writer"). I have to admit that this last book is much better than the other two because there is some (not much) but some substance and style to it. Still there is one thing that offends me as a feminist a Jew and a woman. In these three books God is refered to as "he" I know it is hard to not use pronouns but if the auther had written a small note about it or mabye had Leah question the gender it would have been much better.
"4", Never closed my eyes: This book was excellent! I loved when Leah turned down the most popular kid in school. I would love to spend Christmas vacation with the guy of my dreams. My mom would never let it happen. Although I think Ethan is a little weird for not even kissing her. I mean he went all out on the Amish ways why can't he break another one? I also thought it was sweet that Ethan got to find his brother although he changed alot. I finished the book in about an hour. I loved it!
"4", Good but Depressing!: I thought this book was great except the ending was ssoo sad! I thought that as long as they love each other so much why can't they be together? I thought the other books in the series were better & I think that there could have been another book in this series but overall this book was great!
"4", WOW!! Give us another one PLEASE!!: I read the whole series one summer and I nor any of my freinds could beleive how much we were left hanging. We read the first two and because they were so good we went out and bought the last one but what a disappiontment the ending was! Please write us a last one!!!
"4", This book was great!: OK usually I don't like romance books but this series kept me reading until it was finished. Ms. McDaniel my only complain is; how dare you keep your faithful readers dangling like this? We all want to know if Ethan and Leah will get back together! Please write another book for us to devour!
"4", Perfect for making tortilla chips !: I have been searching (for a few years actually) for a cactus cutter.I love this one It measures just over 4" H x 3" W.I use it to cut out cacti from flour tortillas. Place on a baking sheet lightly sprayed with baking spray (Pan & also the top of tortillas)Bake 350 for abt 10-13 min til lightly brown. Very CUTE accent chip for a fiesta dinner. I think I will try the green colored tortillas next time just for fun.
"0" Falling apart - Poor craftsmanship: I teach woodworking in a private high school and the students get lots of use from our Delta scroll saws. We are always changing blades or removing the blade from the top chuck to make an interior cut and I just bought two new chucks to make things go easier and my old chucks (which were Quicksets also) were broken anyway. One of the chucks already came apart and is broken and the second one is nothing but problems. I have never had as much trouble as I am having now. I have actually asked to get a Hegner scroll saw that I know I can depend on. I cannot reccommend this item to anyone and feel that they will have a great experience. It seems to be hit or miss with it because I have had better experiences in the past but still not great.
"0" Not Good: I purchase the quickset. I was hope to save time when working on my projects. For some reason it will let go of the blade . That is not the bad part. There are two little spring on the blade chuck. When it let go they go flying good luck finding them. I would think twice before you buy this item.The time you save on working on your project is used up looking for the springs. I wish they would come up with some other design.
"0" I was a sucker -- you don't have to be: Does everything except work when you need it to. I've waited for the new ROM upgrade and it's still horrible. Crashes regularly sleeps and doesn't wake up (except with reboot) drops calls all the time sometimes screens will be missing the button that makes them go away (OK now what???) bump the touch screen with your cheek when on the phone (and who knows what you're telling it to do at that point) goes into "Flight Mode" on it's own (to turn phone "off" you turn "on" Flight Mode and vise versa which sum up user interface design). I have to credit both Microsoft and HP for doing a poor job and T-mobile for selling it and not taking it back. I have a very long memory and share my opinions. It's the worst device I own maybe ever. Cost so much I can't bear to replace it and not worth much on ebay for good reason. If you want to pay extra for a PDA then chose this. If you need to make phone calls get something -- anything -- else.
"0" Ipaq h 6315: Do not buy this phone I purchased it when it first came out and it has been nothing but trouble. marginal reception terrible blue tooth HP is supposed to upgrade the bluetooth still waiting. proccessor is slow camera colors very muted super low contrast. I purchased the extended battery for $99.00( which you need) It just died after 5 months HP will not replace. this is the worst PDA I have owned.
"0" Ipaq h 6315: I have been a very happy Ipaq user since they came out. I was looking for a replacement for my old 3850. As a package the h6315 looks very good but one major downside (for me)The big downside is that it comes "locked" so that you can only use a T-Mobile card in it. On inquiry with HP/T Mobile you have to take out a years contract and they will only issue the unlock code after three months. I travel a lot and use my Ipaq for work with a corporate SIM card (different provider). This won't work for me. I think I'll wait and look for something less restricted.
"0" Don't order steak at a seafood restaurant: This product was not designed by engineers with Cell Phone experience.HP is a big name in PDAs but they are not on the map in cell phones - this product demonstrates this. Don't order steak at a seafood restaurant.I replaced my T-Mobile IPAQ 6315 with the Verizon XV6600 - After the grief I have had for 5 months with the IPAQ 6315 (actually 3 of them) the AudioVox XV6600 is a pleasure. I generally love HP products but I guess they have no phone experience. I don't understand how the T-Mobile Engineers could have qualified the 6315 for use on their network.The April 2005 software upgrade only slightly improved phone operation.The HP IPAQ 6315:1. Drops incoming calls2. Drops outgoing calls on first try3. Has poor audio for both parties on phone call4. Cannot be programmed to automatically answer incoming calls while using a headset5. The navigation pad works very poorly
"0" Another would-be-nice machine killed by Microsoft Windows OS: I bought this about a year ago freshky released. we have other phones in the house(Nokia) with bluetooth and same resolution camera to compare too. the result is that HP 6315 has- zero battery life (bad Windows power management)- bad camera (same hardware low res cvamera takes great pics on Nokia)- disfunctional blootooth (would not talk to any computer really (Nokia does)- it restarts by itself in the middle of conversation- bad sound quality in speaker and ear piece.Windows even managed to corrupt my SD extension card with my pm3 musics ...just total junk - stay away from WIndows Mobile and other Microsoft products.
"0" Junk and expensive too.: The HP 6315 should never have been released. It is unstable and has to be soft rebooted about once a day but the big problem is the cell phone. T-mobile is the carrier but I believe it is the 6315 that is the problem as we have no problems with two other Tmobile phones in the same places. Worst of all the phone shuts down on it's own and you don't know it until you look at it. I thought I had a bad unit until I checked the web users forums for the hp 6315 and saw that everyone else also had these problems and other problems I had not noticed yet.Stay far away from this wreck.
"0" Rieview for the iPAQ h6315: The HP portion of the PDA works fine and is supported by an excellent HP service. But when it comes to the phone part it becomes a night mare. T-Mobile US is one of the worst service providers. When calling customer care you get routed in a circle and after several call you come back to the first service agent you remember by name but he does not remember anything.I strongly recommend to abstain from buying the specific product. The "marriage" between HP and T-Mobile should be long divorced. A bad taste remains on HP-products as normally they realy care for their customers.Something T-Moible still needs to learn.
"0" This item is locked for use only with T-Mobile: Beware - this item can only be used with T-Mobile service.T-Mobile will NOT unlock this for use with any other carrier unless you comply with the following:You must be a T-Mobile customer for 90 days (yet their minimum service contract is for 1 year with early cancellation fees) and you must fax them the receipt indicating that you paid full retail price for this product. You will also need to provide them Part# SN# EMEI# your T-Mobile acct# and last 4 of your SSN#.It is thus recommended to steer clear of this device because its resale value is nill.
"0" Very poor cell phone: Please note that this is about HP6315 as a cell phone from T-Mobile. It is okay as a PDA but it will make you miss your old cell phone. I regularly experience line drops. It does not roam well at all that when you are moving in a vehicle it is most likely that you will not have a good cell phone service. It is very slow to find a tower to connect. Since it consumes considerable amount of power it goes to standby mode quickly and then when you power it up it is very slow to get signals. Its rather bulky antenna is not doing much good since it does not have strong reception at all. T-Mobile sent field tech several times to check for signal strength in certain locations where my 6315 is weak and they say that their signal is fine.I WOULD NOT RECOMMEND AS A PHONE FOLKS! ...but it can be usefull in many other ways of course.
"4", cool device just needs a few tweeks: I am actually writing this while sitting at a Panera bread using Panera`s wifi network. I have to agree with Rick`s review. I have all the same praises but have a few additional negativesFirst its handwriting recognition in the block transcription form does not work nearly as well as my old Palm.Second the volume on the phone is too low. I almost cannot use the phone without the earpiece unless there's absolutely no background noise.Third the ringer is too quiet.Fourth the "feature" of having the screen still stay active while you're on the phone is quite irritating. I'd really like to see hp develop a patch to fix thisI've got to go. I'll write more on the review when I've got more time.
"4", Good convergence device overall: I purchased this over a month ago. I like it overall. Following are details:Pros1. Connectivity features (GPRS Wifi Bluetooth Infrared)2. Decent size (not too big manageable)3. Screen Size (compared to Treo)4. Rubber sidings help in good grip5. Decent memory sizeCons1. Cannot do a landscape mode2. Hangs every once in a while (so far not bothered me too much)3. Speed is a bit slow (again has not bothered too much so far)
"0" Poor value for the money: I am a power user and currently use the T-Mobile PPC Phone Edition - after trying Treo etc. The upgrade to the iPaq cost $400 and was not worth the time and effort.To start the phone quality was awful reception was OK but not as good as with my back-up (free Nokia) and locked up several times needing a soft re-set to get it working again. Several issues with the T-Mobile PPC remain (turns itself on regularly running down the battery numerous soft resets needed daily). The extra memory was great no running out of program memory too quickly but programs still "hang" requiring soft resets. The camera was fine not something I need. The pocket versions of Excell Word etc worked fine.The device itself was fine. Overall it was adequate but not worth the $400 - $500. Save your time and money on this one!
"0" Worse device ever: A word to the wise - stay clear of this phone. Why - bad reception dropped calls constantly seeks service. T-Mobile? - no help no support. They have replaced phone once - same problem. I was even told by their wireliss people that this was not a device to buy - but yet T-Mobile refuses to issue credit or deal with the issue. For those who have posted glowing reviews you either have not used this phone for a period of time or are plants from T-Mobile or HP to give good review. This is a very poor product. I expected more from HP.
"0" good pda rotten phone: I've had this phone for 5 months now. The pda functions work with all the reliability of microsoft. All the programs you can want are easy to download and easy to use.That said the phone is the model of a beta! After the first downloaded patch got the thing working at all it is full of problems. When it sleeps calls cannot wake it up. Very often you cannot "hang up" a call and must soft boot the phone. The number of times you have to re-boot will remind you of every time you've given microsoft the benefit of the doubt in the past.The concept is great. And if my jaba bluetooth worked even half of the time I would be happy. As it is I continue to miss calls and get delayed voice mails.... not entirely a bad thing hence the 2 stars.
"0" Great PDA but the worst phone I've ever owned: Do not buy this device if you use expect a decent phone. I have used many HP iPAQ PDA's and they are great and this one is as well for that purpose. The phone; however is barely usable. It is not at all convenient to use the call quality is absolutely horrible it drops calls on a regular basis and half the time it doesn't even ring until making one single sound just before going to voicemail.I was excited a couple of months back when HP/T-Mobile release a ROM upgrade that was supposed to fix many of the problems with the device. I installed the upgrade and IT GOT *MUCH* WORSE! Unfortunately I couldn't find a version of the old ROM image to downgrade it back to so I was stuck with it.After painfully using this phone for 7 months I finally had enough and paid full price to purchase another phone a couple of weeks ago. I'm tempted to just throw my 6315 in the trash!
"4", Very nice Pocket Pc Phone.: I consider myself a Pocket PC power user and I have to say that HP has done a good job with this device the unit I have received is fairly stable construction of this ipaq is one of the best I have owned and I think i will own it for a good time (or until hp has released a newer and smaller one.)Pros:Battery lifeMaterial case construction.T-Mobile's good support in unlocking the device.very good displaygood phone reception.all in one pocket pc device.Cons:Poor quality pictures from the vga camera.Poor bluetooth headset recognition and connection.Big antenna.No button to hide the lcd keyboard while in callsPoor video playback.included leather case is too big.This pocket pc is well worth the price I replaced my Ipaq RX3715 and my V600 and I have nothing to regret.
"0" Poor Memory: Unfortunately I brought this disk many years ago. I didn't realize this until the disk came.
"0" Wrong record: The only review of this CD was obviously of the vinyl version as the tracks on the audio CD version are totally different. Was there never a CD version of the vinyl record released and if so why doesn't Amazon have it?
"4", Deutekom and Troyanos again: If you have listened to the Deutekom/Troyanos pairing in their Norma recording you will know what I mean by the special kind of magic that happens when these two voices blend. These singers make music together and it is such a joy to listen to to even be a part of it. This recording catches them very early on in their carreers and still shows some of the vulnerability of young voices. But listen to it and then listen to their Norma (again) and I think you might agree.... The men aren't bad just somewhat bland. Hence only 4 stars.
"4", POWERFUL INSIGHTFUL and DEEPLY TOUCHING: A beautifully written and honest collection of deeply touching stories that allows the reader a rare opportunity to see life through the tender young eyes of a child living in a family homeless shelter as told by their loving dedicated teacher. When the author was first asked to work in the 'School With No Name' she had no specialized training or curriculum in working with this specialized population of students. But this pioneer let her heart be her guide as she created one of the best pilot programs in alternative education. Her stories will make you laugh make you cry and will even make you angry. But most of all it will challenge and inspire you to get involved and find your own special way of making a difference.
"4", A Great Read!: What an amazing and inspirational story! If you saw the TV movie "Beyond the Blackboard" you'll want to read this book.
"0" This book is not clearly written: This book jumps around critical material and content that requires the reader to open the completed lessons provided by the author to see what code/content is missing. The worst part of this is that unless you are an experienced programmer you will not be able to understand what is happening. In fact you will probably need to purchase another book to understand what is actually going on. These comments are directed primarily at the Flash-related lessons.
"4", Recommended for aspiring computer graphic artists: Flash MX FreeHand 10: Advanced Training from the Source by computer expert Brad Kozak is a solid and "user friendly" reference and self-teaching tool for learning how to use the Flash MX and FreeHand 10 computer software drawing tools. Embracing a "learn by doing" approach to graphical design individual chapters address a variety of practical projects ranging from animating a simple logo to designing a sophisticated multimedia website. An accompanying multi-platform CD-ROM includes basic tools for completing sample projects. Flash MX FreeHand 10 is very highly recommended for aspiring computer graphic artists with an interest in learning this handy and open-ended drawing software.
"4", Resveratrol The French Paradox: I have been taking two doses daily of Resveratrol for over three years.I can not make any claims that this extract of grapes will give you any life extension.But after reading much literature on the french paradox for the cost of 20 cents per day I think that taking resveratrol could be a worthy investment if future studies prove that Antioxidant Supplements are modulators of increased lifespans.This Jarrow product SYNERGY in my opinion appears to be the strongest dose of Resveratrol available.I have taken other manufacturers including paradise herbs and Source Natural.Read the recent Harvard study and the NYTs article on Aging Drugs looks like Resveratrol is very good for me.Of course before taking any health supplements I strongly suggest you inform your health care advisor.Hope my review on Jarrow Resveratrol is helpful.
"0" Don't be fooled!: They claim 200 mg but its actually only 16 mg. I don't know how they get away with such a blatantly misleading headline. I wouldn't trust the rest of the ingredients or purity given Jarrow's willingness to try to trick customers.Competitors' products have honest labeling and as a result are much more cost effective.I'm surprised Amazon allows Jarrow to continue to sell on their site.
"0" WEP wont work with with other equipment: I have one of these and have had a couple of problems and SMC's tech support is geared only to user problems and not problems with the equipment. The WAN port will not get a DHCP from my ISP. I have to get a dhcp lease with other gear and then set the router to static. When my ISP changes my IP address I have to do this again. The other issue is that it will only talk to other 802.11b or 802.11g equipment if all security (WEP etc) is turned OFF. So if you have a static IP from your ISP and you dont need security go ahead and get one. Oh and dont expect help from their tech support when it doesn't work the way it should. After all every other 802.11 equipment is broken not theirs.
"4", NEED A BIT OF HELP WITH THE REMOTE MANAGEMENT: I would like to remotely manage my router. However SMC makes it a bit difficult when they fail to mention the port number needed in order to do so. Could someone help me with this. In other word i need the port number for remote administration of this router.
"0" Garbage the worse router created.: I recently pick this up and have had nothing but problems one problem after another you fix a problem another creeps up..WARNING do not waste your time or money on this router specifically Version 1. i cannot speak of version 2.I returned it got a netgear and its smooth sailing everything i want works the way i want it.. its perfect.again your asking for trouble if your deciding to pick up this router. both firmwares 1.11a and 1.10 have there share of problems..
"0" Terrible Avoid!!!!: This is a terrible router. Loses connection Mac users can't login loses the IP address from the modem. Terrible.
"4", A book that has been in my thoughts for many years: I remembered reading this book when I was a wee lass. Alas I couldn't remember the title or author. So you may be able to imagine my glee at finding it here while browsing!! I have ordered it and can't wait to get my hands on it again after 25 years. Yippee!
"4", A beautiful beautiful book: We had this book in my second grade class and I loved it. The pictures are gorgeous and the story is simple and enchanting. A must for little girls! I am now 24 and I've checked this book out from time to time just to gaze at the pictures and relive reading it as a 6 year old.
"4", Ghetto at its best.: "The Rezurecxtun" brought to you in part by Sac Sin (aka "Mr. Sacramento") is a dope compilation from the Sac-town gangstas in which they "bring to life" the many gritty topics that they face in Sacramento. They tell stories give advice and even call out threats to those who oppose their Sac-town regime. All in all producer Messy Marv keeps is gangsta and throws together some DOPE beats with that West Coast flava while at the same time keeping it real underground and straight from the streets. Without a shadow of a doubt the freshest tracks are "Connecto" "Stello of a Hustla" and "They Ain't Got Cha Back." No doubt this is one of the grittier heat-makers to hit the streets in awhile so go cop it!
"0" The Rezurecxtun of what?: By the way "Rezurecxtun" is spelled you can already tell that this album is going to be ghetto. I listen to all sorts of music but with gangsta rap and it's not easy to sit there and listen to a bunch of guys babble on about who they hate and who they want to kill. To sum things up quickly that is what this album has in it. Sac-Sin presents a lyrical massacre of violence death threats and gritty storytelling about being a gangsta in Sacramento (I guess it must be tough being Sac-Sin since he is "Mr. Sacramento"...hahaha please). Anyway what kept me from giving this album 1 star is the fact that it actually has some pretty fresh beats composed by Messy Marv (another "real gangsta from the streets"). Nonetheless this album is full of violence cursing and threats...my solution watch episodes of Jerry Springer or Cops and you'll save yourself some money.
"4", All This Talk of a Wonderful CD: The Rockwells are back and better than ever with a harmonic convergence of several musical styles. With some fast-paced dance songs such as "Pick It Up" and slower heartfelt songs like "How Is This All Right" the Rockwells have proven that they are ready willing and able to play a whole spectrum of tunes. Their music has a certain sound to it that makes it stand out from many musicians of today. I am feverishly awaiting their future musical endeavors.
"4", buy more rockwells: I think that The Rockwells are the hottest thing on roller skates! Anyone and everyone should give them a listen.
"4", Clever & Compelling for Fans and Foes: Love him or hate him Hemingway inspires strong reactions in readers. Author Palin cleverly manipulates that fact in this witty and well written tale of a mild-mannered small town Hemingway devotee whom it seems couldn't have less in common with the dynamic literary icon...until fate and circumstance play their parts.This will mainly appeal to Hemingway afficianadoes but also to admirers of Palin's writings as well. His marvelous TV travel series and companion book about Hemingway's Adventures serve him well in this charming book and his own respect and passion for Papa is evident throughout.
"4", A Great Yarn!: I am if nothing a dyed-in-the-wool bookworm. I love books and must have one about me constantly. This book is one of my all-time favorites. Normally I juggle several books but Michael Palin's "Hemingway's Chair" caused me to put aside all the others. The characters live and breathe! The town comes to life. Apparently not everyone had the same joyful experience but I hated to let the characters go at the end. And I'm still hoping Palin will write the sequel!
"4", Glimpses of the real Hemingway amid the frivolity.: Buried in this lightweight but entertaining novel about the tribulations of life in contemporary rural England are some devastatingly accurate evocations of Ernest Hemingway the definitive writer of the "American Century."
"4", Fun well-written: I first read "Hemingway's Chair" in a British hardcover edition from the library and only the other day bought a paperback copy for my own collection. Flipping through it I was surprised to find that Palin had changed the ending. I like the new ending better although curious individuals might enjoy seeking out the original edition and comparing the two.
"0" Dreary walk through English life: Michael Palin plays the English suburban characture so well when on the big screen and particularly within the framework of Python. Unfortunately it doesn't work in the book which did not keep my attention well. It tends to drone on with mild distraction and unsatisfying end. I barely raised the corners of my mouth to smile let alone laugh but obviously this was not the book's intention. What was the intention? a peep into a middle class suburban postman's life? Very possibly but it did nothing for me Im afraid.
"0" Disappointed: I was very disappointed in Hemingways Chair. A sad loser devoted to his employer gets messed over loses job girl andprospects. I'm a devoted Monty Python fan and found this bookdepressing and dull.
"4", Ordinary people whose lives are disrupted -- very real!: This delightful story takes place in an English shoreline town that's just a little bit stuck in time. A new Postmaster comes in and Martin a Hemingway affectionado who thought he was next in line for the position finds his life becoming decidedly unpredictable. The American lady Ruth who is in town researching a history of the women who loved Hemingway in her travels finds a chair that had belonged to Hemingway himself. Love (or what is imagined to be love)... lost Love (or shared interest which should be the base of love) found. Shady dealings. A bit of blackmail. And the chair... is it haunted? Does it contain a ghost? Is Martin delusional? All of the above or none of the above? The reader will have to decide. No matter what the reader decides s/he should find the book charming in its honesty and realism -- and perhaps like I do may discover a desire to read "For Whom the Bell Tolls."
"4", And now for something completely different...: I liked this book from the picture on the cover to the ending. The characters were well-developed and the book held my interest. Who wouldn't like an assistant postal manager convinced that by replicating Hemingway's milieu in his bedroom that he could write. Martin is an endearing character and I was rooting for him from the start. A remarkable first fiction effort by Michael Palin. When I reached the last page I felt like shouting HOORAY out loud.
"4", Great book a must read for any book lover.: I have always liked Michael Palin (on TV and in movies) this is the first book I have read by him and enjoyed every page. The story is great thought out and well written.
"4", A fascinating story: I have read this book in part of my GSCE-studies in englsh. The maincharcter martin is really interesting when you consider his life. Though he is a postman for living byking to and from work every day he can still have a differnet life besides this. Elaine who adores him in the beginning come to love the new postmanager Nick Marshall for his good ideas and plans. But who is betraying who here? Nick sells the postoffice in order to start his telecommunication-business. I will focus on Martin who lives in the shoes of HEMINGWAYthe great artist. when reading the end I get captured by the strong emotions martin create from being two personalties. Not only do I feel captured in the end but also through-out the whole book. The chair martin gets which is vital to the whole story symbolises to me strenght of life but also death. when I sit in my Hemingwaychair I feel special after reading this book. I also loved the good humour which the fiction offers.
"4", A gentle and quirky book with a lot to love: Palin was always the "lamb" of the Pythons more quiet humor than the in-your-face bomastics of Chapman or Cleese and it shows in this winning 1st novel. Centered on a "rite of passage" of one Martin Sproale - mild Postal worker and closet Hemingway buff. As an outsider comes in and turns his world (centered around the post office) wonk Martin turns to an American Hemingway scholar and evokes the spirit for himself. Charming as can be (and even laugh out loud funny) one senses the real Palin throughout these pages.
"4", Oh for another 50 pages: I will admit I was in love with the story right up to the ending. The one fault was the very brief conclusion to the story. Without giving too much away I would have liked to have seen a better interaction between the hero Martin and the American. A simple letter with a newspaper caption left me wanting more closure between the two characters. But alas instead I am left with a hollow vacuum wondering what happended between the two characters after the novel had ended. If it was Palin's decision to leave that tale up to the imagination of the reader then so be it.Great characterization from the leads to the most insignificant. Palin continues to be the quiet genious of the Python writers.
"4", Summertime Read: I've been buying copies of this to hand out to friends in search of a good summertime read. It's wonderful fun and I can almost picture it as the movie it deserves to be.They should stock this at the Hemingway House in Key West but they don't. Instead create a bit of fun for yourself. Make yourself a Cuba Libre grab this book and find yourself a hammock. You won't regret it.
"0" Disappointing started off well-went nowhere.: This book started off well then took so long to get anywhere by the time that it did I didn't care any more! Palin's quirky humour has been put to much better use. Several of the early characters were abandoned and I struggled to stay with the book... to the rather disappointing end.
"0" Snoozer: Palin turns a nice phrase a few -- and I do mean few -- times in ways that remind you of his wonderful wit but overall this is a pretty simplistic plot-driven story with a fairly uninteresting plot and characters that don't hold your attention for a moment after you put the book down. Put another way for the last 80 pages the only thing I felt was an earnest (no pun intended) desire to be done with the book so I could move on to something else -- hardly a good sign.
"4", I only wish it was longer: I was hesitant when I first picked up this book - although I'm a fan of Palin's Ptyhon work I wasn't sure that I was ready to read that vein of comedy in a novel. However I needn't have worried - Palin's writing is engaging and with "Hemingway's Chair" he has created a cast of characters that *breathe*.I fell into this book from the start and the imagery that Palin brings forth is fresh; the plot one that I found hard to resist despite it being partly centred around a writer I have no interest in or knowledge of. However Palin's characters carry the story along honestly and interact with each other believably.If you enjoy witty enjoyable fiction especially that which carries an strong English feel to it then you cannot and MUST not pass up this book.
"4", Done up like a dog's dinner: I have long enjoyed Michael Palin as an actor comedian and world traveller. I was not expecting much from him as a novelist however thinking he would be predictably zany and lightweight.It was a very pleasant surprise to find a book about ordinary people with secret lives -- a topic that always hooks me.Very well written with British characters that ring true to my experiences in England I truly enjoyed this book.
"4", I love this bag.: The best carry-on I've had. I can fit a whole lot in it and it fits under the seat. Easy access to side pockets where I can put 2-3 paperbacks. Thank you Rick Steves.
"4", Perfect size: This bag is the perfect size. Smaller than most carry-ons but designed just right. As usual leave it to Rick Steves.
"4", Outstanding movie! DVD please!: Great movie for fans of Eric Fleming! Eric is fantastic as usual! All fans of the Rawhide series should see this movie! The story is great and the entire movie is superior to a lot of movies they are making today (2004) because there weren't a lot of special effects so they focused more of character development and storyline. The issues of morality and the bold interactions in this film are simliar to those seen in the Rawhide series. A lot of classis old west confrontations in this movie. This should be on DVD.
"0" A vampire rides tall in the saddle.: Altho not a good film this effort from the very end of Universal's SF/horror cycle deserves a footnote for establishing more or less the minor sub-genre of the horror western. (There actually had been a few films in the Thirties which fit into this category but they were forgotten by virtually everyone until being released on home video.) Michael Pate (a sort of sinister James Coburn) is effective in the role of a vampire menacing folks on a ranch. This particular vampire is perfectly capable of walking around in the sunshine (hey no fair!) and the fact that the climactic destruction of the vampire takes place in broad daylight greatly lessens the film's effect. Worth a look for horror fans however.
"0" Vampires in the Wild West: I saw this film when my town had SciFi Channel free for 10 days in January. I taped most of the films for later viuwing but this wasn't worth it. The vampire even walked around in broad daylight. END
"0" deceiving: One of the worst horror films ever! let me say that the llorona doesnt even come close to looking like the cover.. so lame.. what a waste of money! the acting was pretty bad too.
"4", Fun beach reading for the summer: Fun. Quick read. Touching. And a little disconcerting.That's how I would describe The Cherry Tree. After only a few pages I was lured into the life of the mysterious firebomber--a character I didn't want to like but eventually grew to at least comprehend a little better. So it was disconcerting to me to find myself pulling for the main character in this mystery/family drama that spans two families and many states.I enjoyed the vivid descriptions that the author provided especially of the flowers and fauna. Carl must be an avid gardener.I found the relationships believable the characters complex and the read a mini thrill ride. It's not up there with Grisham but this book was a good read for a day or two by the pool.
"4", Spectacular!: I can't think of any other actor who could have played John Leguizamo's character in King of the Jungle; Leguizamo is brilliant yet again. He plays a 25 year old 'retarded' man Seymour who lives with his lesbian mother and loves to play basketball. After his mother is murdered he struggles to find the killer... It's a great story and I have gained even more respect for Leguizamo... It's great to see him in a small budget made for HBO film. It just proves that he acts for the joy of acting not money. If you like John Leguizamo or great plots and great acting this movie is for you. He definately plays the part well; I felt sorry for Seymour.
"0" mentally challenged: This is by far the worst movie I have ever seen - bad acting combined with a ridiculous plot. It's highly recomended for adults who still read comic books.
"0" what was that?: This movie is all over the place. I'm not sure what I'm supposed to take from it besides confusion. This movie had to have the single worst ending I have ever seen. Don't waste your time.
"0" Disappointed. Not worth the money.: Too pricey for a cheap costume. Was expecting something more durable than a flimsy foam mask with printing on the front of it. The jacket is thinner than my bed sheets and I am overall unsatisfied. The product description made it sound worth the money. The product description was deceiving. I suggest you look somewhere else for a decent costume cause I am extremely angry that I spent my hard earned money on this piece of crap.
"0" Truth behind the Mask: Having been a Jason fan since i was 8 i couldn't wait to get this costume. Unfortunately the mask looks really fake and the machete is made of cheap plastic and won't actually kill anybody. But what do you expect for $30?
"0" Waste of Money: This is the worst pretend sex porno that I've seen. Don't count on seeing anything except chest and no privates and there are no finishing shots of any scenes. This DVD should be removed and placed under the R rating.
"0" artistic???: Why do 'erotic' movie makers spoil movies like this with "artistic" special effects? The sex scenes turn from full color to purple off and on in every scene except the first one in which they show a close up of some guys face who is watching the couple have sex. THis makes the scenes really boring and the purple colored scenes made me want to hurl. Sorry i just think playing with the picture is incredibly ignorant and should have been left to the movie makers private collection if they think it is erotic.
"0" rip off!: I learned nothing from this book. Nothing. I could have written a better guide to TV writing myself. There's nothing about how to actually write a script; it's all just script samples one a drama one a sitcom. If this is what you're interested in head on over to EBay for a script of a show you actually like. Otherwise save your money!
"0" Why?: Why would you buy a book on writing written by non-writers? Save your money. Those who can do. Those who've never even tried write sham books about how to do it. I'm a writer who's been working steadily in network TV since I came out of the WB workshop many years ago. We were taught by talented guest television writers who came in each week not the program administrators. That would be like learning how to have sex from a nun. Honestly the very existence of this book makes me mad.
"4", Developing and Maintaining Practical Archives - Hunter: Despite being a bit outdated it is a good book for anyone who is considering archives as a specialty. You will need to read additional sources covering internet digital preservation and EAD.The book is easy to read gets to the point quickly and has good follow-up notes.Overall I recommed it as a good starting point.
"0" Mr. Duke: I can not find a way to return this dvd disc 2 and disc 4 will not play and it said it was NEW SO WHAT THE DEAL!!!!!!
"0" Some interesting thoughts: Although the book by itself is slim there was way too much stuffing. The first and final chapters are the most enlightening.
"4", not the exact same: I bought this for my father and he said it is supposed to be the right size but the pins are actually smaller than the one's he bought as a kid. While it did work he said the connections are kinda loose between the new and old track.
"4", Lionel track pack: Ordered lionel track pack. When arrived packaged well and to my disappointment it was not the kind of track I wanted. I returned the package and a full refund was made to my account. No problem with getting my refund. Would make future purchases with this company.
"4", VET IS HAPPY: BONNIE JUST GOT BACK FROM THE VETS AFTER BEING ON THESE VITAMIN & MINERAL TABS FOR 45 DAYS. HER BLOODWOOK CAME BACK WITHIN NORMAL LIMITS.She's on Chemotherapy and had not been eating well so the vet suggested these as suppliments. She actually chews them up without having to wrap it up or slip it inside of something else. We couldnt be happier with the results
"4", An Excellent Resource: Highly recommended for serious students as well as professionals. The book is packed with information from repertoire (catagorized by instruments and/or accompanying ensemble) to information about equipment or biographies of well known players and instructors. Looking for a concerto other than the Vaughn-Williams? Then this book is for you. It is also helpful with writing program notes. There is also a listing of disertation subjects. The book is well written (including a short history of the tuba by Bevan) and I consider it indispensible. My only criticism: there are no illustrations or plates. This in my opinion would be particularly helpful in the equipment/accessories section.
"4", Great Gadget: I love this thing it is a little expensive for what I bought it for but it works perfectly. I work in a medical office and I have to put a time in and a time out for every patient that I work up and this helps me to remember to do that. I also have to put down a time for a lot of the tests that I do so I use it for that as well. I wasn't sure how big the print would be but it is just the right size probably comparable to a size 10 font. It also will do just time or just date or both.
"4", Office Friendly: We purchased this item when our company time clock died. It fits in the palm of your hand and works well for stamping dates on papers. However the employees found it irritating. It's not hard to use but it takes a few seconds of concentration to stamp properly something half awake employees usually don't have. This item is office friendly and I recommend it for office use not employee use.
"0" Does not work very well: These are very difficult to use. You have to have a perfectly flat hard surface have to put your entire weight into pressing down (and even then you don't always get a good impression) and the ink runs out very fast. Would not purchase these.
"4", Great Stamper: This is a great date stamper easy to use once set up.Set up was a little confusing but after reading directions we figured it out.
"4", v58p: The unit is excellent and would be the best if the manual was there but ooh well every thing worked perfect
"0" DYMO DATEMARK ELECTRIC DATE/TIME STAMPER 47002: I do not recommend this product to anyone. Ordered 2 one came in broke the other broke 3 weeks later. Didn't wastemy time to send back since its always a hassle.DYMO DateMark Electronic Date/Time Stamper (47002)
"0" so upset: ordered this because i needed a time date stamp for my students  my salon i apprentice it came & doesn't work now im stuck with no way to legally document there hours for the state of Alaska
"0" Did not work right from the box.: I bought this because it it was what I was looking for. I added fresh batteries and set it up. There is nothing in the user manual to actually tell you how to stamp. I figured that was easy enough...press down. Well the unit makes a noise as the stamp band inks itself. After that nothing! There is no way the stamp band comes in contact with the paper. It is impossible to print. Customer service is sending me a replacement against my better instincts to just return it for a refund. I will give it a second chance but my gut feeling is this item is not worth the money nor the effort. I will gladly change my review if the replacement stamper actually works.
"4", Cheaper than a timeclock: Good for a small business that doesn't want to spend over $200 on a time clock. If you are considering letting employees write in their times in order to avoid buying a time clock I don't recommend it.
"4", THANK YOU MORECLOSEOUT: What a great purchase!!! I totally love it!!!It came in right away it was very cheap and we are sure enjoying it.Thank you very much "More Closeout"
"4", Life at Bellevue: Ziegler writes about the day-to-day travails of the ER staff at one of the nation's oldest hospitals Bellevue. The book starts off with a wild case: an overturned crane has trapped a woman and paramedics and doctors rush to save her before amputation becomes an option. Some chapters are devoted to the doctors' personal lives but the real action only takes place in the hospital. Given that the book was published in 1987 medicine has advanced to the point where this book could be considered a historical narrative but it's still entertaining.
"0" NOT for med students/residents/docs: I bought this book because Goldfrank is one of the living godfathers of clinical toxicology and Bellevue is one of the top EM training programs in the country. I returned this book after 40 pages because as someone training to be an EM doc I found the material tedious clumsy and frankly... boring. For me the ED vignette from The House of God was much more insightful and striking. I can't comment from a lay perspective.
"0" emergency doctor: I found the stories bland and the facts skewed. The book seemed to have a strange moral slant which sacrificed its credibility. It also seemed poorly researched as the stories were incomplete and the statistics were without footnotes.I would recommend this book as fiction to a twelve-year old from the suburbs who isn't allowed to watch the news.
"4", Wow much faster than expected...: I ordered this film for my Mum as a Christmas present. As the predicted delivery time was well after or in other words because I'd left it too late I had prepared to give Mum a voucher. However to my surprise and delight the video arrived in time for 25th December hurrah!It was securely packaged and in new condition and best of all Mum - a big Al Jolson fan - is very happy!
"4", Wonderful Listening: Great music. There are some duplicates from the Duet CD to the other single CD's. It does mean fewer songs but only by 5 or 6. That leaves about 145 songs! I didn't mind as it is great music so you get to hear them again!
"0" Not the same as shown on TNT: I was very disappointed with this CD. After receiving the CD's we ordered we saw the TV ad on TNT again and discovered this CD is not the same as seen on TV. The CD on TNT is a 2 CD set with 32 songs while this is a single CD with 18. For the $3.00 difference I would rather have the other CD.
"4", Great for wheelchair users!: My daughter is in a wheelchair. This product puts the "reachers" in medical catalogs to shame. We purchased a "reacher" in a medical catalog for $30 and it didn't last a week. The galaxy grabber is not only more fun looking for kids it also is fabulous for lifting the tiniest things off the floor pennies paper etc. Also the clutch mechanism to make the grabber work is much easier for people with disabilities than the trigger pull that is needed to make the medical reachers work. Great fun efficiency and value!
"4", Fun and sturdy: These grabbers have been fun for my two boys. They are durable and good quality. They can pick up even a little bead off the floor. It can make clean up time a fun chore!
"0" More cheap plastic c*** for the landfill.: More cheap plastic c*** for the landfill. Was given to my son for Christmas. Not creative...for those times when your 5 year old can't bend over to pick up that piece of whatever. I mean it does what it's advertised to do but is basically just another gimmicky way for some company to make a buck at the expense of the environment. I wish people would start to think about the long term effects of these kinds of essentially useless toys on the earth. Didn't anyone see Wall-E?
"4", Fight against injustice: This book is truly bring us to the deep of human being. Dr Lee again in this book prove to anybody that he is not guilty. This book teaches us how to refuse from accusing somebody without strong evidence.
"0" Propaganda: I recommend Code Name Kindred Spirit by Notra Trulock for the other side of this story. Needless to say China is relentless in its pursuit of scientific military (including cyberwarfare) political and economic (including financial) intelligence. The threat is real. The resources that China deploy for intelligence efforts are vast. This review will probably end up in a Chinese intelligence data warehouse.
"0" He had it coming: Like Mr. Lee I hold a top secret clearance and I'm an Asian-American. What I don't understand is why Mr. Lee kept some contacts with foreign nationals by attending unclassified seminars/ meetings. These kinds of contacts are frown upon. Even though the information in his papers was deemed unclassified by LANL he should have known the mere act of these exchanges raises red flags. Was he showing off his knowledge by presenting his technical papers? He should have been less naive about the whole business of working in a top secret environment. Was he naive or stupid? It's people like him that give Asian-Amricans like me a bad name and puts us under severe scrutiny.
"4", Captures the corruption at DOE FBI and national labs: Believe me this account of the state of our governmental institutions and national laboratories is right on the mark...maybe more gracious and forgiving than I would have been. As a white American (with a Chinese-American wife and Chinese university students) working for Sandia National Laboratories I was also racially profiled in this "investigation" even though I do not work on weapons. White Americans who think they will never be targeted for bizarre political and racially motivated reasons should think again and read this book to see what it is like firsthand! A well written account.
"4", A well written book: This is a well written book that reveals the dark side of all three branches of US federal government especially DOJ DOE FBI and the Congress. It also reminds people that the news media of this country though enjoy the freedom of speech is not really fair to minority groups especially in this case the ethnic Chinese.
"0" Tastes like soap: I don't know if the other flavors are any better but this on was so gross I don't even want to try other flavors
"0" Try Natural Flavor Instead: I love licorice sticks but these sticks have a perfume/cheap incense smell. The flavor isn't that strong but it is a bit distracting. I'd recommend buying natural flavor instead.
"0" Very poor content and presentation: I was really disappointed with this book particularly given that it was written by seasoned bankruptcy experts. The book is very skinny on content - it spends about 30 pages on bankruptcy law and its procedures a few on case studies that are superficial/poorly written and several on bond analysis and standard research tools that are well-known to a person with basic financial knowledge ie the sort of people who would be interested in something relatively exotic as Bankruptcy Investing. The few useful pages that there are are marred by poor writing and a complete absence of analytical frameworks that stay with the reader.Bankruptcy is a complex topic and there is a need for a book of the sort Branch and Ray have attempted. However this is most certainly not that book.
"4", Absolutely Terrific Introduction into Bankruptcy Investing: Great introduction and overview of the world of distressed and bankruptcy investing. The authors managed to synthesize a very complicated subject into an easy-to-read and understandible book. Of course no one book can cover the entire subject in detail but this one comes amazingly close. Highly recommended.
"4", MASSIVE!!!: I'm a big fan of Paul Speer's (Solo)/Scott Rockenfield's (Queensryche fame) music and was unaware of this album until recently. I'm almost embarrassed by the mistake. I understand that most listeners have a hard time believing other person(s) interpretations of what is good music and what is not but just give me a moment of your time. If you enjoy "Progressive" or "New Age Rock" then you'll will not be disappointed by this CD. It is simply one of the best "Alternative" rock and "Ambient" rock albums of the last 10 years. It has been described by many as: "A masterpiece" "The coolest thing on progressive rock" "A solid work of ambient rock" "Takes your imagination on a musical roller coaster" "The best instrumental album of the year if not the entire decade".....from some of the most influential critics in music today. If you like this style of music then you have to add this CD to your collection. If not your library is not complete.
"0" This aint Nazisploitation: This is a thick chick who masturbates like 7x throughout the movie. It was shot in somebody's house. She's a Nazi because she plays with herself in front of a Nazi flag & during one scene wears a uniform I think. This is something you should stay away from like an STD.
"4", Fit to Be Tied: Great Hits by Joan Jett and the Blackhearts: Great CD! Got it quickly and packaged well. Brought back a lot of excellent memories.
"4", I Love Rock N Roll: If you love rock and roll you are going to love this CD.Fit to Be Tied: Great Hits by Joan Jett and the BlackheartsGood music with a great back beat. I'm really glad I bought this CD. A serious collection would have this CD.
"4", Great album: This is a great album. If you are a fan of Heart Blondie or anyother Women of rock you will love this album.
"4", Joan Jett: If you ever wanted a CD with everything she ever did this is it. Crank it up and sing loud! She is the original RRiot Girl!
"4", Great Stuff - But Incomplete: Most of Joan Jetts best stuff is on this disc and it's great music. What would the early 80's have been without "Bad Reputation" "Fake Friends" and "I Love Rock and Roll"? JJ and the Blackhearts were rock at its core with some bad chick image. I held back one star because there is plenty of blank space left on this disc and with so many excellent tunes to choose from why couldn't we have more? If you need examples I would have considered the following: "Nag" "You Don't Know What You've Got" "Bits and Pieces" and maybe "Jezebel". There are some covers included on this compilation but many fun covers were left off like "Star Star" "Tossin' and Turnin" "Hanky Panky" and "Summertime Blues". I could go on - this disc is too thin and too much meaty stuff was left off. But make no mistake - the tunes that were put on here are great rock and roll!
"4", Well Produced Greatest Hits Collection: Joan Jett Joan Jett and the Blackhearts is completely under-appreciated. I understand there is a documentary being produced regarding her time with the Runaways. If you don't have any JJ&TB CD's get this one! Instant Collections are great if they are well produced. I completely enjoyed re-discovering this incredible band and incredibly talented Ms Jett! I plan to buy more JJ&TB works. I forgot what I had known. JJ&TB Rock!
"4", Looks Amazing!: This looks very Amazing on the xbox! The only reason why I put a 4-star is because it can be a pain to install. But I'm satisfied for sure.
"4", Brought back memories: My kids had this on a cassette when they were growing up and they listened to it continously. As the years have passed the cassette no longer works and the kids have all grown up. I found this on amazon and bought it for my 24 year old daughter to use in her classroom. She loved listening to her old favorites. It is great to be able to get items that have been around for years.
"0" extremely disappointing: I got this book because it had a picture of the Music Machine on the coverbut this is one boring book.It's hard to believe someone could write a book about 60's garage bands and make it boringbut Michael Hicks has done it.I was mildly interested in the chapter on the evolution of the song "Hey Joe"but that's about it.When will authors stop writing pompously about rock'n roll?(See an old issue of "Kicks" magazine to see how it should be done!)
"0" Stylish but cumbersome: This teakettle is stylish easy to fill and clean reasonably priced and whistles loudly - but only someone with a large hand can safely pour the entire contents of the kettle one-handed. The trigger which opens the spring-loaded whistle cap requires a second hand to hold it open while pouring more than a cup or two. After struggling with this kettle for several weeks I decided that the safety factor was too important to ignore and bought a new kettle with a flip-top whistle cap which stays open while I pour one-handed.
"0" Get Farberware 'Tiburon' instead: Farberware 'Sonoma' has two bad design features: 1) the spout lid does not lock in the open position so you can't turn off the whistle and 2) the spout lid does not open widely enough to let you fill the kettle through the spout - you have to remove the cover to do it thus steaming the hand you're holding the handle with.
"0" Junk: I bought a Farberware Kettle. The boiled water had black specs in it. No amount of cleaning ever made it come out with water as clean as went into it.
"4", Good Buy: This was a bargain I have no trouble with pouring however I had a guest that had a lot of trouble trying to pour. I'm pretty strong and coordinated. The whistle has a high pitch that is easy for me to hear but my husband can't hear it. We're an older couple. To make a decision if you can hold the kettle full of boiling water while using your finger for the spout it will work fine if you are a bit uncoordinated and can't hear high pitched sounds give it a pass.
"0" Lesson Learned: I received a box of broken glass. I suppose the seller could've packaged the product more securely but it probably doesn't help that it's contents were carelessly tossed around by UPS. I only gave this product 1 star for my level of disappointment considering that 4 glasses were broken rendering it useless to me. Thankfully they quickly refunded my money once I shipped it back.
"0" Do not buy from Amazon!: I am APPALLED that Amazon packaged this glass punch bowl set with a tiny amount of paper padding in a huge box. There were glass shards inside the packing box even before I opened the box with the items inside. I ordered it for a party I am having this weekend and will now have to overpay at a store because it arrived ruined.I am honestly embarrassed to take it to UPS as it is and am debating adding additional padding to the broken punch bowl so that it will not cut through the cardboard and hurt the UPS person who has to deliver it. It is seriously that bad. Buy at your own risk.
"0" no stars for no punchbowl: I'm sure the punchbowl would have been just what I wanted had it been packed correctly so as to not arrive in a thousand sharp pieces of glass. I can't understand why the box would have been put into a larger box with no packing material around it. I didn't even open it all the way - glass shards were everywhere. Just sealed it back up and sent it back. What a waste.
"0" arrived in pieces--very poor packing: there was no protection in outer box . . . no packing peanuts no air pouches . . . just broken pieces of a punch bowl
"0" ...and it came so highly recommended: This DVD player started off great -- it played all my Region 1 disks including my DVDs I brought from Germany and other regions.About six months into owning this player however every disk it tried to play would gradually scratch and skip more and more until it wouldn't play a single DVD or CD displaying that all the DVDs were "Bad Disks" as the error message put it. Convenient timing too since the warrenty had just expired. The only suggestion that Toshiba had to revive my player was to "try unplugging it for a few days to see what happens" -- a solution that worked for about another month until the DVDs started skipping and not reading anymore.Horrible reliability. Save your money and choose a different model (or even a different brand???) because this DVD player will let you down!
"0" Worst Player ever Bought: This Player I bought from Sams Club for $49.00 was Region Free but with worst picture Quality and bad Resolution..Better off buying other DVD players than this junk.
"4", Finally a book for children with Asperger Syndrome: Haley Myles explains in a easy to understand manner what a child can do when they get into those 'what should I do' moments. Topics are covered that every child needs to know and gives advice in a straightforward child friendly way. Nine-year-old Haley Myles writes with a special sensitivity understanding the difficulties that children with Asperger Syndrome face. This book is an excellent resource for children with Asperger Syndrome.
"0" Not helpful: There was little in here to help the high functioning kids. Much of the the advice was not detailed enough for an Aspie and above the head of many. It was a nice effort but I did not find it worth the price.
"0" Unfortunate Offering: This book really was not helpful and the information offered to sell the book should lead with the fact that the author is only nine years old. It reads like something any slightly precocious nine year old would write about general behavior. There are no "solutions" that I could find in the content nor any particular insights into the specific - and debilitating - challenges that children with Asperger Syndrome face. There are some helpful books written by and for young people with Asperger Syndrome. This book is not one of them.
"4", Not for weak-kneed sentimentalists: I was in the audience at Carnegie Hall when Solti and the CSO did the Mahler 6th in 1972 and this recording faithfully recalls the bone-crushing power of that performance. The breathtaking virtuosity of this orchestra under the foward- thrusting unepisodic guidance of this most exciting conductor emphatically serve Mahler's cataclysmic vision.
"0" ZERO STARS: There ARE no cabinets. Terrible misleading a waste of money. The amount of frustration that this caused will stear me clear from EVER purchasing another Broderbund product. ..and I use to be a happy customer.
"0" Cabinets SOOOOO frustrating!: I agree with the above reviewer. I have spent hours changing the cabinets in the area where you can edit them only to find after many many hours trying to figure out what "I" did still could not find them. Don't waste your time.
"0" Stick with version 3.0: I have version 3.0 that is about 4 years old. It has more features than the 5.0 when it comes to bath fixtures and doors. this purchase has been a waste of money. The Company's description of the new version was misleading. I will not purchase any more products from them.
"0" Not worth it: I cannot load the program onto my computer. I took the software back to the store to exchange it for another and had the same problem loading the second copy. I couldn't even get started and the website was no help at all. I am taking this back and trying another brand. This is not user friendly at all.
"0" Waste of money and time.....: I agree with every review I have read about this product Broderbund 3D Home Architect 5. I too have spent hours trying to figure out how to drop cabinets into a structure. I could find them in the cataloges and followed the instructions closely but to no good. I have even contacted Broderbund for help and they referred me to another company that never responded to my e-mail. DO NOT PURCHASE THIS PRODUCT IT IS A WASTE OF MONEY AND TIME. ZERO STARS ALL AROUND. - TAD
"0" ZERO STARS !!!!!!!!!!: Broderbund Home Architect 5 is a waste of money. Do not buy it. First of all THERE ARE NO CABINETS!!! Secondly it is not user friendly at all. It is very difficult to use. This software was an upgrade for me from 3D Home Architect Deluxe 3 (which by the way was a great piece of software). When you upgrade you expect more not less! I either use my old version or draw my designs out on paper. I don't know what Broderbund was thinking when they made this software.My advice don't waste your money. With the fact that their are no cabinets in this software and the fact that it is difficult to use I am sure that there are much better products are there for 3D home design.I am giving it 0 stars. Unfortunately Amazon makes you select at least 1 star but believe me this software doesn't even come close to rating 1 star.0 STARS !!!
"0" TOTALY.... UNFRIENDLY...zero star: I have completed my plan for my house on paper along with the dimentions.All that need to be done was to draw it in some 2d-tool so that i can get an overall picture in 3d when it will be done..so that i dont want to spend unnecessary time and money on material and labourI am simply not able to reconstruct my hand-drwan plan in this software.All i could acomplish without any trouble was the 4 walls...It sems impossible to place the objects in 3d viewAnd the components that i place in 2d view seem to apperar totaly out of place in 3dI am totaly frustrated with this softwareTERRIBLE:.....DONOT EVEN DREAM ABOUT TRYING ITif you are so desperate...thank your stars...you are better offMS.Kurinji
"0" Slow Worthless Program: I agree with everyone else! There are no cabinets. It is hard to figure out. The 3D view sucks and when I try to move around it takes forever. Very slow program. Sometimes when I try to place an object it won't do it at all. They should have spent more time making this program and fixing all the problems with it. DON'T BUY IT!
"0" Don't waste your money: I brought this version. I had an older one and believed this would give me more options to design. Wellthey fooled me!I couldn't even figure the dare program out! The program to me was designed for professionals not the novice like myself. I could get the basic floor plan down but changing to 3d adding furniturecabinet etc forget it. I was so disappointed that I would never recommend this program to anyone.
"0" Not Comfortable!: The Dead On glove is the most uncomfortable glove I have ever worn. Maybe I just got a crappy pair but they seem to have been made very poorly. The 3 fingers that are not covered and have the ends open to expose the thumb index and middle finger are fine. But the pinky and ringer finger which are not exposed have serious problems. When you put your hand in and get a secure fit it feels like your pinky and ring fingers are pushing against something on the inside of the glove. I turned them inside-out and seen that there was extra material inside on the end of these two fingers making the very uncomfortable. It feels like these two fingers are all "scrunched" up when you get them all the way in. I would look for a different product.
"4", Underrated Horror Cult Classic: Narcissistic Joan Crawford in an overlooked role runs a circus that can only be described as psychopathically appealing. You see so many of her employees end up dead! Director Jim O'Connolly shows great flair for the genre. It's all just a matter of who gets killed next. British veteran Michael Gough British cutie Judy Geeson in her film debut and the handsome and heroic Ty Hardin are all on hand. It's a great film for Halloween season. Joan Crawford seems to have always had problems managing her business concerns ever since "Mildred Pierce." "Berserk!" is aptly titled!
"4", Joan-Just the way you love her!!! Campy dream!: I was given Beserk as a Christmas gift from a friend. Its absolutly fabulous you get Joan Crawford in leotards and tights in a circus outfit. She plays Monica Rivers owner of Rivers circus You get to hear her bitch at everyone that works for her (and who doesn't). The plot is theres a killer knocking off people in the circus but who is it! Is it the hairy women? The skinny skinny man? The midget? Is it Joan? Is it the new guy in her act who she is dating who is half her age! The cast of supporting freaks is a lot of fun!!! This movie is a MUST HAVE for CAMP lovers and people who love cheesy movies! One of my favorite movies of Joans I'd say more fun then StraitJacket.
"4", Berserk: A great anime after seeing almost everyone anime out there this has to be my one of my favorite. This 3rd DVD to berserk continues the story of Griffith Guts and the the army of the Hawks.White Hawk is based around Guts and Caska who have been seperated by a battle between the army of chuder.if u need to know more just email
"0" Not even entertainingly bad: When I think of "Strait Jacket" and "I Saw What You Did" I think of bad Joan Crawford horror movies from the sixties that are so over the top I can watch them anytime and get a laugh. This isn't one of them. It does have the ludicrous advantage of Crawford walking around in skin-tight slacks and being made love to by a guy who compared to her chronologically is a fetus. But there are far too few gruesome murders (the only reason my friends and I wanted to see it back then to begin with) and the movie is actually padded with way too many legitimate circus acts so many that you begin to feel really ripped off. I bought the video after all these years because I thought I remembered lots of cheesy laughs lots of cool deaths and not too much circus. Boy was I wrong.
"4", Hauntingly Humerous: This film should probably have never been made. However it was a vehicle which brought us the melodic musical song titled "Look For A Star" sung by Gerry Miles. His version topped both the US and British charts and is the best thing remembered in this film besides the teeth-gnashing appearance of Joan Crawford and hunky Ty Hardin. With the exceptional film musical score and the mediocre script which was bested by the actors; I give it a 4-Star rating.
"4", Flood!: I have seen this video about four times and every time I watch it its impact is still the same. This video provides an eye opening view of the 1993 Mississippi River flood. From actual footage to interviews of those most impacted by the flood's ravages I was able to gather a new appreciation for the struggles of flood victims. This is also good as a teaching tool as I have shown this to 9- 10- and 11-year old students as we studied this unit.
"4", Great cooker: Great deal at Amazon. Quality is first rate. Great for slow cooking simmering etc. The best of the best.
"4", What A Great Period It Was In Rock History: Riot was an outstanding rock band. Their first four albums were some of the best heavy metal of the time but their second & third albums "Narita" and "Fire Down Under" were landmark recordings. If you want to experience some extraordinary hard rock pick up these two albums.This was a great era in rock history: the late 70's/early 80's hard rock. Before we had all digital effects and before the studio engineers destroyed albums with extreme reverb and loud drums drowning out the rest of the band there was this short period of just plain great hard rock not too over-produced. Riot was one of the best in that genre. Seems like they were only known in certain circles and I would have never heard of them had it not been for a guitarist I knew who had their albums. They were such an underrated band and deserved a lot more recognition.
"4", There will never be another RIOT!: To this day im deeply saddened by Mark Reale's passing he was a true talent that will shine on forever in the hearts and minds of many fans world wide. Narita is just one of the three iconic Guy Speranza "the original legendary vocalist that also passed in 2003" records the sophmore effort before the legendary Fire Down Under cd.If every metal hard rock listener in the world doesnt have anyone of these three cd's or at least 1 of the three your missing a huge part of legendary musical history do yourself a huge favor and buy all of em!!You will never be dissapointed you will only be scratching your head in amazement this band wasnt humungous!! Glad to see Fire Down Under in the top 10 on Amazon about time still sounds as good now 31 years later as it did then! Narita and Rock City are both close seconds!!
"0" Disappointed: Found this to be very uneven. Some chapters like the two by J.P. Mallory are good and the number types and quality of maps and photos are very good but I have to take issue with a lot of the articles. It totally assumes that Harappans had written language despite the considerable evidence that has been brought to bear against that. It has a whole chapter on lost Roman legions but says nothing about those lost at Carrhae. It doesn't address the BMAC at all. Several times especially in the biblical sections it is still going with the old mythologies and not basing itself on science. Expected more from this author.
"0" Superficial sweeping ...: It is a good coffee table book. If you really want to learn then this book is not for you...it is merely a diving board to propel you to more serious detailed writings. It is a brief reference which if used for this purpose is not bad at all.
"0" To Simple: Doesn't cover enough topic nor in enough depth. Ok for mid-high or early high schoolers. Don't get this if your looking to do any sort of reseach.
"4", Great Times With Friends: This trivia book is full of fun and fascinating information. It can be read alone or used as trivia with friends. I've recently gotten into homebrew and the history of beer so this was an easily understandable fact book for the beer snob in all of us.
"4", This book is fantastic!: Living in Europe with relatives in the States this book really made me realize it is not how much you can pack or schlepp it is what you pack and how efficiently you can do this. I recommend this book to all you overpackers out there!
"0" Definitely for the Novice Traveler: I suggest the purchaser peruse the table of contents to see if any of the situations apply to his/her future travel. I have no little children pets nor do I ski camp bike ride rent homes in France Italy or the rest of Europe. Still as a seasoned traveller I am always looking for that one thing that helps with the packing. I did not find anything new in this book.
"0" multi-monitor primary only: if you are thinking of buying this card for a secondary card in a multi-montitor setup forget it. this card will only run as a primary while your expensive agp is secondary.
"0" Outscamming the scammers - this book is the perfect crime!: The "book" is only a collection of "Nigerian scam" letters and is essentially worthless. No analysis no original text just a back-to-back copy of 63 letters divided into a few obvious categories.Mr. Baines thus emerges as the master scam artist.If you really need 63 different scam letters set up an email account and wait. No need to even look at this book. I presume it only sells online; if you could just browse one page at a bookstore you would leave it immediately.
"0" B & D Swivel Grips: Unfortunately the grips are 1/16" of an inch larger than the published diameter which makes them useless for the woodworking bench that they were intended for.
"0" They don't fit!!!: Don't know what has changed but I bought these for a workmate that is ~15 yrs old. None of these pegs fit in any of the workmate holes! I'm going to have to sand them down to use. I can't believe that they would make the peg holes bigger on later models...
"4", Very good. Fit well.: This is a great help with my B & D work bench for holding wood projects and many other things. Received packaged properly in good condition and in a timely manner. The item was exactly as described. Will use this source for future needs.
"4", Great accessory: I purchased the 4 pack swivel grip peg set to use as extras for the Work Mate I previously purchased.
"4", Very Good: I ordered these in the hopes that they would fit in my Jawhorse. One of the pegs that came with the Jawhorse broke while being removed. The B&D pegs fit the Jawhorse perfectly.
"4", They work: If you have a Black & Decker workmate and don't have the pegs (aka - dogs)this is what you need. My Workmate is a very early model and they work ok.
"0" black and decker work bench: This worktable is not useful. If i can return it I like to return and get money back. There is no proper instruction how to use it.I had a such hard time assemble it.
"0" Cost of pegs.!!!: I aquired an older used workmate and find this price for replacement pegs excessive!!. They drive people to throw away still usable gear and just buy new. Lame business practices in todays society that condones just throwing itmes away because it makes more sense to put that money into a new product. No wonder our economy is stuck.. It is geared to people throwing away and buying new.
"4", Must Have Here: I love my B & D Workmate 425 but what one needs along with one's work bench is an ample amount of these little demons. A real proud and able cheapo could fabricate his own but if you want the proprietary ones bite the bullet on price.They amount to about $1.50 - $2.00 a piece I guess; but to save the effort to get up and doing to approach the addition to your tools and such with a quickness-- you pick up a 4-pack or two and start getting things fixed or fabricated ASAP in terms of the process with projects.Everybody?Have wonderful holidays this year. Happy Halloween Happy Thanksgiving Merry Christmas and Happy New Year.-Joe
"0" Swivel grips do not fit: Bought a package of 4 Black & Decker swivel grip pegs today. Slightly oversized from previous swivel grips. They do not fit either of my two Workmates -- one is a less than 2 year old Workmate WM-125 the other is an older Workmate similar to WM-225. Package and B&W website say fits all B& W Workmate products - not true!
"4", Perfect fit for an old bench: I just ordered 2 4-packs of the Grip Pegs (I waited until they came back around toAmazon and got them with no shipping [plus one other item to bring the order up tothe no shipping minimum]).I have a Workmate that I bought my Dad in the late 1970's (Labeled: 79-003 Type 2Single Height). Personally I used to "tune" my own skis on it!The bench got passed around for many years and I finally ended up with it againbut minus the pegs.From reading the comments here about the pegs not fitting I was worried but...PERFECT FIT. SoI am one VERY happy customer!Now I just need to take on some projects to use the darned thing. ;-)
"4", Good stuff: This is a bulk rendition of the same wild rice product that you can pick up individually at your grocery store for a bit more money per box. It's well packaged and perfectly sized for many of the recipes I use.I've never seen any "worms" -- though fully-cooked wild rice does look a bit like them! It's really not likely that a company could continue selling a product that was contaminated like that. For me this has been a good product at a good price. I'll keep getting it here.
"0" Avoid this product!!! Minus 5 stars!: So far 2 of the 12 boxes of wild rice have had worms in them! You do not want this product or anything else from this company.
"4", The best DVD title of Coltrane IMHO: If you are Coltrane's fan grab it while it's still available.For me two tracks with Eric Dolphy ("Impressions" and "My Favorite Things")are worth more than the price tag :-) BTW those two tracks I've never seenanywhere else looked like was recorded in studio. The picture quality ispretty good. The performance is super. Highest recommendation.
"4", A beautifully faceted gem: This is one of the most beautifully written books I have ever read.It felt like a very sacred windowlooking sadly into an irretrievable past.
"4", Favorite Shoe!: I am going on my 4th pair of Samba Milleniums and I can't wait to get my new ones which should be arriving any time now. I have 3 pair of the original black/white samba milleniums. All three pairs are still in good condition and have a lot of wear left in them. I used to get a new pair of tennis shoes about every 6 months because I wear them every day. However since obtaining my first pair of samba milleniums that ratio has become 1 pair of tennis shoes a year and for the past 3 years it has been the same shoe. I am waiting on a rare limited edition pair of samba milleniums that are red with white stripes and have the liverpool crest on them. Those shoes were made for a short time in 2006 and I have spent the past 2-3 months trying to find a new pair in my size which I just did a couple of days ago. I would recommend these shoes to anyone and everyone.
"0" Good looks terrible engineering: Ingenious concept and beautiful display but the canisters suffer from some terrible design flaws:* The seal is not very tight and fine powders may leak while moving.* The twisting motion you must make to expose the pouring holes gets spices stuck between the lid and base further promoting leakage.* The plastic cover is highly prone to scratching. A wipe with a cloth with a fine spice powder will easily produce scratches and clouding marring your beautiful display.* You can't flush it under water without water seeping into a gap between the plastic cover and the raised circumference of the lip which is nearly impossible to get out.I would have expected more from such an expensive spice rack. In retrospect I should have gone with a wall-mounted rack of old-fashioned glass spice jars.
"4", As Advertised: Read this book secretly(?) as a 15 year old boy. It was hidden(?) in the clean towels in the hall linen cabinet. Probably was put there by my Dad since he never taught me about the birds and bees. So this book provides a little bit of nostalgia.
"4", A long row of candles: this is one of the most engrossing books I have read in a long time. Cy takes us on a whirlwind tour of the Balkins before and during WWII. Cy graduated from Harvard in 1934 and went to Europe. He picked up odd writing jobs but in 1939 he went into the Balkins to be the only American covering that part of the world. He was privy to information that was not released to the rest of the works and was finally coerced into being the foreign corrospondent for the Times. His insight into the people and the times are so candid that he frequently wound up in more trouble than a prisoner of war. He bought a terrier Felix in 1939 and detailed its exploits until its death in 1942. His future wife wrote from Athens Greece during the Nazi occupation "it is a good think you did not leave Felix with us. He would have starved to death." More likely he would have been eaten.Cy tells of his interviews with Tito Churchill and his futile efforts to interview Stalin. This is a must read book.
"4", Triumph is his name.: I was breezing around a bookstore the other day and came upon a book with an exciting cover and intricate detailed and somewhat strident arguments for war and for peace. That book was the new Thomas Friedman polemic. I was going to read it but as I am a student could not afford to invest my time in its hundreds pages length. So instead I turned to Neal Pollack's Beneath the Axis of Evil. He Neal Pollack is surely the only man who can make brutal regimes war and other stuff like that funny. And believe me he makes them very funny indeed.And in these trying times of duct tape and gas masks surely its economical length is a benefit. It is just the thing to fit in my "At Long Last Dead So Very!" satchel snugly between the adrenaline shot and my copy of "Garfield at 50."
"4", Frommer Has a Winner Here: I hate most of the Frommer Travel books. They take the fun out of travel and have very few photos.This book is different. Here they came up with something very useful and novel for the traveller. When you go on a cruise normally you do not have a clue. You just follow what your travel agent recommends. But anyone that has taken an extended cruise or two knows there are big differences betweeen boat lines and routes etc.( I like Holland America myself). So here is a nice review of what boats and crusies are available it describes the boats and where they go and what you can expect including on board entertainment. All great stuff.Highly recommend 4 or 5 stars. Buy before you talk to the travel agent.
"4", Caribbean Ports of Call: Great book to throw in your backpack and take with you on the cruise. You can bone up on a bit of the history and it will get some ideas ffor excursions or places to visit on the islands.
"4", Cruises - Can't Say Any More!: This book will tell you everything about all types of cruises and briefly where they go what to see what to do and a bit about each cruise line. It's a good all around book to get you started!
"0" Deception?: In reading this book I'm am appalled that the One True God is mis-represented here. I would not recommend this book to anyone who is searching for that One True God through Jesus Christ the Savior.
"4", In Touch with the Borders: For those individuals curious about Lowland piping music this is the CD to get. Various tunes are played on a wide-range of pipes from Lowland Border pipes to the unique northumbrian smallpipes. There are a few pieces which include singing from this region of the British Isles. If you are interested in bagpipe music that ventures outside the standard Great Highland Bagpipe repetoire you will enjoy your visit here.
"0", Too pricey for the fragility of charms: I initially purchased 2 boxes for party favors and Ihad to purchase another as two were broken upon arrival& one broke while taking it out of the package. Thethird box arrived w/a broken one & one breaking asit was being taken out of the box.That is 5 broken out of 18!Which equals approx. $20 wasted so far!Not holding out much hope for the survival of the othersonce they are being used.
"4", wine anyone?: Charming gift to a nice entertainer and a good way to tell people to keep their hands off of your cup of wine.
"4", Roman Lorance Two Hearted Oak Book: This book is not only beautiful but it is also written with passion. The art alone will take your breath away. A must have for any collector of black and white photography.
"0", I't will make you cry and throw it away: I used to play this game many years ago and it was really difficult. I rented the game and spent several days trying to advance a single level but I couldn't. Recently I found a video showing an expert player finishing the whole game but the end is to kill the creator. It only showed a black screen with a text saying something like "You did it well go to rest" That's all. Very disappointed about this game and specially about the ending.
"0", Not worth the Money: A friend and I ordered The All NEW Seacret Eye Gel a couple of weeks apart. She ordered hers first and it was half the amount of what I had to pay (I paid $60) and I used the same distributor she did. I bought it anyway and it arrived in a timely manner and is in a huge jar but I have been highly unsatisfied with it. If anything it accentuates the lines around my eyes and creates "bags." She has also stopped using it. I would not recommend this product. For the price buy a product you can return if it doesn't work for you.
"0", returned item: The set was delivered with bits missing. very disappointed in the set but had a great return experience. I returned it to Amazon with no trouble.
"0", Douglas is a Dick Marcinko wanna-be give Seals a bad Name.: I could not believe what a trash this book was. From the start it looked like he was rewriting a Rougue Warrior book but making it more unrealistic. Every few sentences we heard a description of the same weapons over and over again. The scenario was so bad that it made me laugh. I'll never read one of his books again.
"0", Douglas is a Dick Marcinko wanna-be give Seals a bad Name.: I could not believe what a trash this book was. From the start it looked like he was rewriting a Rougue Warrior book but making it more unrealistic. Every few sentences we heard a description of the same weapons over and over again. The scenario was so bad that it made me laugh. I'll never read one of his books again. Lt(jg)Alex Salicrup USN
"0", old and weathered: Not in such hot shape at all. Crinkled cover and dog-eared. I knew it would be "new" but expected better for the price.
"4", I think its one of the best books Ive ever read: I think it described the guns great and the detail in the book is awesome. I learned alot about NAVY SEALS from this book and did research on it and everything in there is true. The combat scenes were better than in any war book Ive read.
"4", Great!: Nice prices and so good for school I just get in them in the morning and I'm warm all day! Super fast delivery plain hoodie just like I wanted :)
"4", Cosplay: Comfy and warmBEST red sweater for Canada/Matthew Roleplayers.legitly looks like it not fake and its not too expensive!great product
"4", Great: Love how it fits. Glad i purchase it. I would recommend to everyone.Love the brand...and the color. Feel nice a warm.
"0", Screen Scratcher!: Great idea but it needs some improving upon. I kept the plastic protective seal on my replacement 7100t while waiting for SkinTight to arrive. One day after putting it on the screen of the BB and the screen protector has scratched each other. This pretty much defeated the purpose. They need to redesign the screen protector so it does not rub on the screen.I got less scratches carrying my first one in my pocket for a year than I have gotten with this in one week!
"0", poor design.: This rubber piece cover is a bad design. The plastic face included with the product pops out of rubber cover and scratches the phones screen.
"4", Great idea!: I'm not really a gadget guy and what gadgets I do have get pretty beat up. When the company gave me a Blackberry so I can "stay in touch" I needed to at least take care of the thing. So I bought this skin from Speck Products. Its is absolutely awesome!No more dings or scratches. I'm a minimalist and for that the Blackberry is perfect! A cool look not bulky. Easy access to the buttons. They did their homework on this product.A must have for anyone who owns a Blackberry. I also see they have these for the Treos.
"4", We are enjoying this!: I read the bad reviews and it took me a while to decide to get this or not. I almost didn't! I'm so glad I finally bought this as we are really enjoying watching this.Ok it's not as good as the movie and it's a little stiff in some places and the acting is a bit over the top in some parts and the stories are not perfect but it IS funny! We love watching the familiar characters and it's been fun passing some time both laughing and grimacing at them.
"0", Oh no no no no no ... (shaking head in a no motion): Well this was one of the worst ideas possible. TV networks have tried to cash in on a lot of great (or even just ok) movies in the past by turning them into TV shows and after retiring from that idea they suddenly decided to try it again after a 10+ year absence. The entire cast signed on to do this save for Chris the DJ from Northern Exposure and wow did this fail. You con only tell the same story or the same joke so many times before it gets old (I'm Greek my husband's not my family is crazy my husband's isn't etc.). It lacked the easy story flow that the movie had and was just another lame sitcom with canned laughter. This was a real shot in the foot for them none were able to emerge unscathed except for Chris the DJ who went onto another cable show because he was a little more savvy than everyone else.
"0", No wonder it Was cancelled: What a piece of garbage  it's not even the same husband...don't waste your money on this trash...instead check out I hate valentines Day..
"0", Why did they bother?: As soon as I saw the teasers on TV for the series "My Big Fat Greek Life" I knew we were in trouble. Sure enough I thought the first episode was terrible. Gone were the heartfelt performances creative writing and general good feeling of the movie. Introduced were campy portrayals crap writing and general sitcom non-sense.It made me sad they tried to cash in on the movie's success with this abomination. It did not make me sad when they yanked it off the air.
"4", Big Fat still Funny: I rented the dvd last night and I'm glad I did. I laughed hardand even watched some episodes twice. Constantine shines again and so does the rest of the cast. Brilliant acting they seem to enjoy it. I don't know why the show was cancelled or why some people don't understand the difference between movie and sitcom. The writers also deserve credit cause they really did capture the spirit of being Greek and presented Greek life as it really is. So don't be a xeno to a good sense of humour. Rent/buy this dvd.
"0", Don't Waste Your Money: Why this short-lived sitcom is on DVD is beyond me. Don't get me wrong: the first episode is pretty good with the stars doing a great job. But the reamaining six episodes only get worse and worse; with star Nina Vardalos the only reason that make them worth watching; while the other stars talents are wasted on the barely mediocre writing.The storylines of episodes 2-7 sound very promising yet all seems to be lost in the scripts. The jokes are far-fetched; not funny; and everything that makes the movie stand out from all low-brow basic sitcom humor (ie everything that makes it "smart") is absent from the television series.Don't waste your money on this DVD. Instead purchase good sitcoms such as The King of Queens Spin City Will & Grace Cheers Frasier Married ... With Children etc.My Big Fat Greek Life: great talents wasted on a terrible show.
"4", Incredibly Funny: It took me at least twice as much time as usual to watch this because I kept rewinding - pretty much every scene is so hilariously funny you want to watch it over and over.To those of you who refer to "BFGL" as "Big Fat Waist of Airtime" - A lot you know!!! There is something seriously wrong with your sense of humor.Watch it! By all means watch it! You won`t regret it!!
"0", Stay far far away.: I made it through about 6 maybe 7 minutes of this truly horrendous tripe. I suppose the saddest thing to see was improv veteran Andrea Martin who apparently is not familiar with the difference between character and caricature and is simply excruciating. Save what neurons you have and stay far far away from this awful mess.
"0", Typical: TV Execs... always foaming at the mouth on the look-out for the next "big thing" to milk for all it's worth... I wonder if they ever consider the fact that it's trash. What do they care? It's all about the "CHING! CHING!". Horrid. You'd think with ALL those actors and crew members at least ONE of them would KNOW how lame this project is (was). Even the boom-mic-dude was probably falling asleep. I hate these cheap spin-(rip)offs.
"0", Absolutely awful: This is one of the worst works on Renaissance combat ever written. It is rife with inacuracies. The author creates bizzare theories about the subject and then ignores all evidence from original sources that contradict his theories. It is unfortunate that this work is still in print - it provides the reader with far more information that is wrong than that is correct. Unfortunately without serious research it is impossible for a casual reader to tell which is which. Avoid this book like the plague.
"0", Bah.: Don't bother. It tried to fill what was a bit of what was a whole in our scholarly reconstruction of martial arts for a while but it failed... and there are better things available now anyway. Check out the offerings at Chivalry Bookshelf instead.
"0", Very possibly the worst fencing book ever written.: This is a poorly-written unresearched book by a self-styled "expert" who apparently has absolutely no knowledge or experience in the subject matter. It is a collection of misrepresentation error uneducated speculation and opinion that is contradicted by the author's own "primary sources." Though he claims to have the support of period masters he doesn't offer even a single citation to back up his assertions -- because he can't. This book can be impressive only to those with even less ability to distinguish history from fantasy. I give it one star only because there is no way to give it NO stars.
"0", Rapiers and Ridicule: John Clements's articles usually show an interesting mix of real knowledge opinion expressed as proven fact and ridicule of anyone who would ever presume to disagree with him. This book is no exception. He has the ONE TRUE WAY and he will tell you at extreme length why any other opinion is not merely wrong but proof of the other person's ignorance delusions etc. (I can hardly repeat all of his insults.)If you can stomach the insulting tone there is some useful knowledge here. But you must supply all the judgement about the limits of his understanding or about any other possible opinions - he provides none.
"0", A sincere but flawed work.: Mr. Clements book makes an attempt to be a primer for sparring in the renaisance style. Unfortunatly it is marred by some serious flaws. Poor scholarship leads to some misleading and occationaly bizzare statements about the practice of swordplay in the period he covers. People who are new to the subject are likely to walk away from his book with some odd ideas. The books strength is in its well developed diagrams and grounding in sparring practice. In this area though Clements skimps on the amount of material. There seems to be no end to his misleading preface notes introductions and mini essays; but there is fairly little of what he does well. The middle third of his relativly brief book is all he devotes to the practice of swordplay. All in all I cannot really recomend this book to anyone the neophyte will leave worse informed than when he started and there isn't enough solid technical information for those interested in the sparring.
"4", Yes! Finnaly.: Yes! Finally! Someone produced a book that declares rapier fencing is a martial art! Finally a book that shows all the things other books on swords and fencing leave out. As a reenactor this book opened my eyes to a lot of things I thought I knew and a lot of things I had been fooled on. This book is everything you WON'T learn in regular fencing. The only ones who won't like this book are fencers who think that flimsy epees and foils are God's gift to western civilization. If you're tired of fencers instructors who get their learning about renaissance swords from watching movies and tv this book is your sole relief. Its no wonder sport fencers are so upset about it it reminds everyone how silly their little game really is compared to the real thing and apparently they don't' want anyone else learning that. A real rapier is NOT a cutting SWORD and a rapier is NOT a foil or epee. To help you learn about HISTORICAL fencing this book is THE source.
"0", Run Away!: I have nothing good to say about this work. There are much better works for learning renaissance sword work. Run don't walk away from this one.
"4", good basic book to clear the misconceptions: I like the clarity of the pictures in the work. They provide a good 3-D like picture of what is going on for each technique. I like how the author takes great pains to clear up many myths about swords and sword-fighting that many stagecombat people like to foster in others to hide the fact that they themselves learned how to use a sword by taking sport fencing or watching Spartacus. If you want to learn how to use a rapier or cut and thrust sword then this book is for you. The author shows you most all basic techniques in a clear format in such a way that you will be able to apply what you learn and create your own personal style.
"0", Ugh.: I heard alot about this and finally broke down and bought this one. Yikes. What a mess. You got to leave it to Clements: He's got a set of brass balls. A guy ranting and raving about how everyone else is mistaken about the history of swordplay... and then not knowing anything himself!Example: Clements thinks that one of the Renaissance rapier Great Masters Ridolfo Capoferro da Cagli is actually two masters one Capoferro and one da Cagli. Has he actually looked at (let alone read) any of the sources? The book is full of this stuff. And that's stuff that even the worst mainstream fencing writer got right! Look at this as a purely self-serving promotional brochure designed only to sell you another worthless book (Medieval Swordsmanship which is even worse!) and to get the truly clueless and impressionable to pay membership fees to HACA. And to think they chopped trees down to make the paper for this book.
"4", Thank You Sir!: For all those who've ever felt dismay at the silliness by which European fencing has been presented at renaissance fairs and movies this book finally sets you on the martial path! For all those who've despaired at the way Western swordplay is denigrated this book is a the answer. A incredibly rich offering of practical sword knowledge by an expert swordsman. It shatters the illusions of the modern sporting forms and the role-playing fantasies of role-players by describing the use of real weapons from the real historical sources. For me this book does what Tao of Jeet Kune Do did for Asian martial arts styles.
"4", A book that defies common thought!: This book is for anyone who is not afraid to question his or her own beliefs in the often hotly debated arena of swordsmanship. From hours and hours of practice and research Clements is able to separate historical fact from fiction. This book though small in size is able to demonstrate the basics of a simple killing cut to advanced tactics with sword and dagger. Attacks to the leg face and body are shown that would make anyone cringe in pain. Few other people can offer this insight with such absolute credibility. Historical drawings and an incredible list of references round out his writings to show that his work is based exclusively in fact. This book introduces the work of Masters who have dedicated their lives to the study of fence and killed with this knowledge.
"0", Not for the serious student of fencing.: The reality challenged will love this book. But in truth John Clement's self-important volume is not for anyone serious about reality. It is primarily for self-taught "swordsmen" those individuals who like to dress up in historical costumes and pretend they really know something about fighting with swords. Mr. Clements comes across with a certain arrogance as someone who believes he has a monopoly on genuine sword fighting skills and knowledge. Be wary of those who pat themselves on the back. As a fencing master of some years I do not recommend Mr. Clement's book except as a novelty.
"0", Disappointing: I bought this book after I attended some rapier seminars around the USA. I was hoping to get some further insights into the techniques I had learned about but to my disappointment not even the basics are mentioned by Clements. I mean not even the four hand positions... that basic! Also no explanation of the engagement the disengage time and measure... nothing.Clements comes across as a modern person writing about a weapon he is unfamiliar with and that he uses as he would use a baseball bat or a sharp stick. There may be some sound streetsmart advice for a casual practitioner but little or no historical information. Also did not appreciate the many digs at the SCA although I don't belong and theatrical fencers which I am not one. Save your money and go to a seminar you'll learn a lot more.
"0", Don't be disappointed: This was written as the 3000 word booklet to accompany the Celtic Tattoo Gift Pack and as such wasn't aimed at serious tattooists. The aim was to give an idea of the 'look and feel' of celtic art though trying to do that without any colour seems to miss most of the beauty. The lack of colour or even any celtic art on the cover should be a giveaway.If the idea of celtic tattoo transfers interests you have a look at the Celtic Tattoo Pack here at amazon.If you're a serious tattoo artist buy George Bain's 'Celtic Art' the classic bible on the subject and explore the web for the modern variations.I was given 3 weeks to write and draw this booklet and don't get royalties so can honestly say that you can do better than this - I did.
"0", Unfortunate Purchase...: I am in the process of going to a Celtic tattoo specialist  Lucky Fish Tattoo in Santa Barbara CA. I have 1 celtic tattoo 10 total tattoos and in a month will have a custom celtic tattoo done. I have been waiting to get this book for a bazillion months and when I finally did I found it to be the biggest waste of time. I never imagined with the great subject matter that a book could be more insignifigant. The designs lack uniqueness in the book there are few and they also lack the detail of the meaning. This book trys to take the beautiful and amazing art of tattooing celtic design and verbalize it and use black and white pictures. Wasted $$ and time.
"0", So so: I love celtic tattoos and I was expecting a book written on the celtic tattoos you find on the people this days. On the other hand it talks about the tattoos the Kells made on themselves and not really in a historical way but in a estetical way (how they look and what were the variations of their tattoos a thousand years ago). Honestly it's good paper but not much printed on it and the best tattoo you'll see on the book is on the front page.
"4", The Lost World DVD: Not a lot to say. My son wanted "The Lost World" DVD and enjoyed it. When I get time I also want to watch it.
"0", The Lost World w/John Rhys Davies: This video comes in a tin box which is fine. The main problem I had with this was that there was a third "freebie" DVD in this tin box package. This third DVD was horrible and I can see why they were giving it away. The overall story for The Lost World was OK and I guess I was just expecting it to be as GOOD as the TV series. The general story was OK it could have been developed better that's all. Keep trying. Thanks Gail
"0", What a gyp!!: Again not a new book just a repackaging of her old ones. Getting tired of retreads from her.
"0", Feverless: It was just OK for me. I measured Fever by the Dark series standard and it just did not match up.
"0", Starved the "Fever" in this one: Another in Feehan's Series about Carpathian's; this book seemed rushed. While the story line was good the characters were just not there. I can usually re-read one of her books a couple of years later and enjoy them but not this one. Isn't worth a second read.
"4", booklover: all of christine feehan books. she has not written a book i have not liked. fever was great! i love that her books continue in a series. i always look forward to the nest book. high praises to christine feehan!
"0", Repeats/condense/re-releases: The only time a 2-in-1 re-release book helps anyone is for those people who stumble across the author whose style they really like and decide they want to read everything they have published. They save money. Good for them. It may also help those who want to read something by that author that is no longer in print. I think that is the only good reason to "re-release" a title. I love Christine Feehan's work and she is not the only author I really like that does this. It's frustrating because you think "Oh boy a new book by so and so" then crash! AlsoI really dislike when authors re-release a title with "a few added revisions". The book is ages old and after you've bought it with new cover etc you start reading to find its "old". I've really had to start watching those first print dates. Thank you for allowing to to blow off steam with regards to this subject.
"4", Christine Feehan's "Fever": This is the first book in Christine Feehan's Leopard Series. The book was great. You feel as if you are right in the middle of all the action not just reading about it. You laugh and sometimes almost cry because the story is so real the way she writes. Her stories are so believable that sometimes you forget its fiction. Amazing story series and writer. Anyone into paranormal and romance need to read this book and all the others in this series and Feehan's other 2 series. They do not know what they are missing.
"4", A good read!: Enjoyed this book greatly. It better acquaints you with the leopard people introduced in the Carpathian Dark series. Didn't want to put it down!
"0", Satisfaction: Item was as described and promised. I was completely satisfied with this item.Janet H. Huber
"0", Lacking: This is two stories or books in one. The first reads like it may have been an early draft of the second. Both stories are about some innocent woman who comes to the jungle and happens upon a man who can turn in to a leopard. But the first store lacks an ending and the second is just plain romance novel with lots of sex hunks of men little plot and light on character development. Guess my expectations were set too high when I opened this one to read. I should have put it down after the first ten pages but forced myself to read it hoping it got better. It didn't. It may appeal to some but it is not my kind of book.
"0", Ye Gods please save me: Jees Louise - I like hotted up chick lit as much as the next person but still it has to have SOME sense to it. I couldn't make it further than the first 60 pages or so I tried though I really did. But the characters were unvelievable the plot - I'm not sure there was one. Just to give you an idea the heroine Maggie is introduced as a straight-laced vet who finding herself in a jungle as part of a family-inheritance storyline suddenly turns into a ravenous sex-hungry siren. You have to give Feehan credit for trying to be creative and descriptive in the depiction of the jungle and so but the essentials of the book (character theme plot etc) are so lacking it's not funny. Or actually it is. It's so bad it does actually give you a giggle if nothing else. I don't know it's just after reading something like Richelle Mead's Succubus series (which despite the title is fantastic) it's hard to give any sort of credit to this type of crap.
"4", feehan fan: Anyone who is a Christine Feehan fan will enjoy this book. I had already read "Wild Rain" and it is one of my favorites. My only problem with it was that I wish "The Awakening" would of been longer.
"4", Great Book for Young Adults: Poetry to open dialogue. I was able to read this item with family members and talk about the poetry. Not a one day read. I am looking to get the item for friends as christmas presents.
"4", A voice a young adult can relate: Book reminds me it is okay to have faults and hard times and still survive. I have enjoyed every section of the book and the creativity helped me enjoy it even more.
"0", Size matters: I rodered this shoe in a 5.5w BIG GIRL and recieved and baby shoe the shoes looks like picture defintely and im sure you have seen it before however i was not able to return and get proper size at deal price.
"4", great read!: I had a great time reading this book. It gave me a good understanding for many things I always wanted to know about. A fun story about living life to it's fullest.
"4", Superb Audio CD Creation Tool: Those who know this product know it well and those who do not are missing out! I have yet to find software that enhances the process of creating a mixed CD like this program does it. Those with even a bit of digital audio skill will comfortably be able to utilize this snappy program. For me the best feature is the user interface; lining up and/or crossfading tracks is enjoyable with this software even fun! A remnant of the great Sonic Foundry past this now-Sony gem is an absolute must-have for anyone who likes to get creative with burning audio CDs. These are precision tools that will let you fine tune things like indexing in-and-out points and silence between tracks if desired. Let the beat-matching begin (or not) and take your time until the mix is just right--there's no rush with CD Architect.
"4", The best redbook audio CD software in this price range: CD Architect is a complex but very easy to use piece of software. If you are looking for software to create audio CDs that are more than just the standard "simple" CDs that you get with standard burning software this is what you are looking for. It allows you to create multiple indexes per track crossfades between tracks adjustable silence between tracks and much more.However with it lack of support for VST plugins I wouldn't ever consider this as software for "mastering" an audio CD. The included DirectX plugins cover the basics but you won't find the necessary tools to truly master a disc.
"4", Excelent product: This ram module is pretty fine works good on my Lenovo C200 3000 portable computer.
"0", Don't bother buying from Dane-Elec: Don't bother buying one of these unless your get it for $1 or 2$ at a yard sale.I bought three 1 GB drives and none of them worked.It is advertised with a 5-year warranty but Dane-Elec doesn't respond to requests for replacement or assistance. E-mails to their tech support go unanswered. There is no response from the live help section on their website. I would suggest you spend the extra money and get a name brandlike Kingston or Sony.
"4", Watch: Great watch for the price! You can't really see what time it is in the dark. The glow-in-the-dark things don't work very well.
"0", Compelling Tribute to Kenya and Ngugi: In short Matigari is the name of a former Mau Mau fighter who as the book opens comes out of the woods to lay down his weapons and as he puts it trades them for the belt of peace. Trouble comes when he begins asking the question "Where can a man find peace and justice in this world". We soon find out that in this nameless postcolonial country there is none to be found. This book is extrememly powerful in its portrayal of the fictional Matigaro and the Kenyan government also found it powerful. Soon after its publication rumors began to spread of a man named Matigari who traveled the countryside fighting for justice amongst the common people. The government soon issued a warrant for his arrest not understanding that this man was a fictional character. Not long after this Ngugi himself was exiled from the country. This says more for tthe power of Ngugi and his writing than my words ever could.
"0", No. No. No. Athousand times No.: Like every Kategeek I am always on the hunt for new and rare items to add to the already bloated K8T collection.Be warned if you are anything like me you will be VERRY disapointed.This is a book report of an audio cd with no Bush musiconly a friendly enough voice telling you everything you already know with new age music in the backround.If you are a US Kate fan you would be better off using the money you could have spent on this disapointment an buy the UK version of Never Forever(The US version has the first bar of Babooshka cut out of it.)
"0", Poor Quality - Very thin - Rusting after washing: Very poor quality Teaspoons extremely thin. I did not return because I thought OK there thin but if they do the job that's fine since they were a good deal. After a few washes they are getting little rust spots! Gross I specifically ordered these for my son to eat his cereal with! Since he's only 5 all of my spoons end up in the trash when he cleans up by himself. I wish there was a review when I ordered these! Be warned people you'd probably get better quality from the dollar store!
"4", Glad to Find this Book: My daughter met Ruth Heller in 1st Grade and we bought all 4 of her science books. Now that she is a Mother of little boys she requested these specific books. We are very happy to have found 2 of them at Amazon.com!
"4", Beautiful Fun Smart Book!: My 3 year old and 5 year old children LOVE this book. We first checked it out from the Library and read it every single day for three weeks then renewed it and read it for three more weeks. At that point they were still asking for it almost daily so we decided to buy our own copy. The illustrations are breathtakingly realistic and each one has a "hidden surprise" as well. We've had so much fun discovering all the surprises. My kids have memorized the text -- which is fascinating and filled with unusual facts. Reading this book has not only expanded their understanding of counting but has also given them a fun glimpse into the amazing diversity of life in our oceans. You will not be dissapointed with this book -- the illustrations alone are worth the price of the book!
"0", Beware not a black motor gear but white MATERIAL ISSUES: I am very disappointed with the quality of this white (not black as advertised) replacement motor gear.It broke only after 2 months of use!!!The original black motor gear that came with the slicer lasted over 2 years.I believe the material has lots to do with the quality. It was simply miss advertised however I did not return it upon arrival while I was in an urgent need of a replacement for the Holidays.The seller Small Appliance responds only to Amazon Contacts not further. This company is not interested to honor their wrongly advertised shipment.---I WILL NOT BUY FROM "SMALL APPLIANCE" ANYTHING ANYMORE---Update: I see the seller changed their picture now. Good for that it still does not make the product a good buy though.
"0", Warring Food Slicer FS150 motor gear: We bought this Warring Food Slicer FS150 which seems well made of metal etc.. After just a short time the motor gear stripped. This gear is cheap plastic. We have replaced 5 of these but we can not slice even potatoes without it stripping. Do not waste your money on this slicer until Warring fixes their mistake. I will not buy anything from Warring now.
"0", Junk: The worm drive on my slicer ate up this replacement gear after 5 minutes of use. I was only able to slice 2 pounds of meat before the gear stripped. DO NOT waste your money.
"0", no good: was eaten by the worm gear on about the 15th slice of a bottom round for making beef jerky. not sure if gear or metal worm is the problem.
"0", Useless: This book is completely useless for someone learning western riding. It has detailed exercise description with no information about how to actually do them. For example several pages are dedicated to walk-jog-walk exercises with no description about how to get a horse to transition from a walk to a jog and from a jog to a walk.For the circle exercises the advice it to "use your inside leg to activate the inside hind leg (I assume of the horse)" -- but HOW?I learned nothing from this book and it was a complete waste of money.
"0", Not what I was looking for: This book was completely useless to me. I was hoping for a book that would have interesting and varied arena exercises for young horses such as turns on the forehand and rear spirals backing two steps- forward two- back three- forward three etc. Things to work on when you can't get out on a trail.Instead it is a simple book covering such basics as how to halt how to walk jog lope. Apparently it is intended for someone who is entering a western pleasure class. Not what I was looking for.
"0", great for the absolute beginner: Being some one who has been riding all her life this book is useless. Also i already started with western riding. I was hoping this book would give me a little more insight about 'how to' do exercises. In stead it is a book for people who know absolutely nothing about horse riding english or western.So if you are beginning to take classes for horse riding this little book might help you. It is very clear on how to sit feel movements ect. Explains the different gaites and what to expect to feel when riding a horse.so for me it wasn't what i expecting to get hence the 1 star. But looking from a beginners perpective it could be a 4 star book(let).
"0", they sound good you sound terrible: The speaker on this system is excellent. You can hear them loud and clear. However the microphone or the processor is terrible. The other person can never understand what I am saying.
"4", harrowing powerful biography: Drawing her story from hundreds of family letters Carol Bundy describes with vivid detail the life and death of Charles Russell Lowell. She is a fine writer and this her first book (amazingly) is a remarkable achievement. I found it totally absorbing. Yes Bostonian readers especially will discover many familiar names but Bundy's viewpoint is neither partisan nor provincial. I highly recommend this book as one of the best I've read in a long time. Just one caveat: it is very very sad.
"0", Buy if you dare: The outer cover is nice but the cap itself is a cheesy Chinese piece of junk. I will not put this on my car. Why risk it? Just my opinion.
"0", It doesn't help!: This book has no summary all it does is go over the plot and stuff...don't buy this book....it does not help....sorry!
"0", I never bought it. I don't know but these guys don't like it: the guys above don' like it and i thought it would be fun to write this Thanx
"4", usually stuck with boring books: well some of the reviews i've read were pretty negative. i'm blessed with a wonderful english teacher this year but thanks to our required reading i've been obligated to read some less than thrilling books. so naturally when we started reading "The Great Gatsby" i was expecting a dull uneventful book. well i was wrong. i thought this book made alot of valuable points. it showed how money can corrupt the lives of many people and how dependent people become on material things and a feeling of wealthiness. i can honestly say i enjoyed this book. keep up the good work Mr. Fitzgerald. =)
"0", a well written book about a worthless topic: It did not meet my expectations which were so built up by every english teacher. For a teenager this was a boring book about upper class society from a past generation and had little value that could be absorbed by a hopeful reader
"4", 4 great times: My story is compelling honest and compelling. I hope that all my fans understand that it took a lot of time and effort to write this GREAT book. If people think its funny to get on a well developed web page like this one and mock my work you have another thing coming. TO MY MILLIONS OF TRUE FANS.....Thank you for the support it makes it easier to sleep at night and makes me feel good in my heart to hear these great reviews. Thank you form the cockles of my heart. Lovely page... Fitz 6077797
"4", A film about love and Japanese prostitutes: two whores on the roof: There are many Japanese plays about the prostitutes and kept womenwho many times were sold as "contract" workers until even today?Here a beautiful young O-Shin falls for a young samuraiand is disappointed but then falls for an orphan who has a heart of gold?This film is hard for a westerner to understand as all the Japanese men seem to use these prostitutes but consider them soiled?The concept of sin and crime is different to the Japanese: a man defends the women from a thief and kills him in a knife fight but the assumption is that he has ruined his life and will probably be executed?The laws are stricter and less fair in Japan or what?Women have no real legal rights and are literally sold.
"0", sucks: bad directing bad cinematography lighting is so off and artificial in so many places bad editing bad cuts bad translation in many places so unpoetically done. cheesy suggestions of the sea leading towards the end. screenplay had the makings of what Kurosawa said was going to be his best film. if he had done this it would have been a million times better
"4", Life's pocket-reference!: Given to me by a trusted friend this booklet has changed even the little things in my life. Put it anyplace where you'll reach for it when you're waiting for anything... a meeting to start to catch the bus home or standing in a line someplace (think: airport).Nobody masters the human language like Jim Rohn. A 3-line nugget from this book will give you just enough food-for-thought to have you ruminating on it all-day long. Keep your mind sharp: Get your daily dose of Jim Rohn's mental-multivitamins!
"0", This thing is worhtless: I bought this because Consumer Reports gave it a high rating. I should have read the reviews here first. It won't even connect with our computer using a USB port I use all the time and we've tried 3 cords 2 of which are verified. The device just says 'connecting' and windows says the device is malfunctioning. I hope we can get our money back since we ordered it through an Amazon affiliate.We've tried some of the settings suggestions posted here to no avail. I would give it a negative star if that was an option.Maybe it's just this one that is a lemon. But this is a real disappointment as it was a gift for my husband and I spent a lot of time researching this purchase. Paint me a sucker.
"0", Disappointed: I recently purchased this product and expected a lot from it. The overall design is sleek and the advertised features impressed me. While the price tag is a bit steep I nevertheless forked out the cash. To my surprised I was very disappointed by its performance. The USB cable was flimsy and didn't seem to fit my player properly my computer would not recognize the device. I was forced to use an extra USB cable I had. While the music transfer was a breeze my player began to get extremely hot in minutes. And froze on several occasions. While this might merely be one time malfunction nonetheless for the 250 dollars I paid I expected a lot more. I would not recommend this product.
"0", Battery Life a Disappointment: Purchased 2 of these. Price was right capacity for music great fairly painless setup and transfer. BUT- After several months of play battery barely lasts 10 mins after a full charge.
"0", Not for audiobooks: Works fine as a music player but didn't perform the function for which it was purchased: to play downloaded audiobooks. At least in Massachusetts audiobooks are downloaded from libraries as single files of up to 150 mb. However this player lacks a "bookmarking" feature so you cannot listen to 10 pages worth stop the player and pick up where you left off the next day.
"0", 5 Stars only if...: This unit is quite nice to operate software is good. But when the battery gets low there is no warning before the unit just freezes with backlight on; you can't turn it off you can't charge it you can only wait...days...until the battery finally dies from drawing power to the backlight then it can be recharged. If it weren't for that I'd give it 5 stars. But alas it gets just 1 star due to that and a return for refund.
"0", Customer Service is a misnomer: I hope you like this product because you will grow old waiting for customer service to do anything about it.We purchased the LYRA 2765 on January 2 2006. It would not hold a charge. After several calls to the RCA/Thomson Customer Service department I was given a Return Authorization #. I returned the player on January 20. After several more phone calls I was told on March 2 they could not ship a replacement and would refund my money. I have since faxed them 3 times with copies of receipts etc. and made several more phone calls. (Bring a cup of coffee to the phone when you call Thomsons Cust. Service because each phone call to Thomson requires a 20-40 minute hold.) On April 13 I was told the refund was being processed. On May 22 when I tried to call I was told the wait time would be from 30-60 minutes.
"0", it...: personally i think that this thing is a great mp3 player if you intend to only have it for a few months i've had mine for 3 months today and so far the only thing that i've found is that is wheel used for ajusting the volume sucks! and then eventually the little joystick will stop working and it is very hard to keep clean. It is currently in the process of being sent to the manufacturer so that i can be fully refunded my money.
"0", Don't Buy!: I got this item in March 2006 to start my new workout regime. I used it for music only. It started off nice I had about 400 songs on it (lasting between 3 and 4 minutes in WMA format). When I first got it I could get some serious playtime out of it. As I used it only for the gym I can't estimate the number of continuous hours of play. In any event. After about 3 months of usage (June 2006) it wouldn't last more than an hour. So I deleted the songs that didn't do much for me in the gym bringing the total songs down to about 300. In August I lost my workout steam--much like the Lyra lost it's music play steam--and put it away for a while. I recently started back using it (December 2006) and I now get about 15 minutes of play time from this device.Man I wish I'd purchased an Apple iPod.
"4", If you're looking for fingerprints...: Almost everything about this player is above satisfactory in my opinion. Playback and sound is awesome. Nice volume control with several different playback EQ settings. Also a setting for manual EQ. The battery life is decent--I've played it continuously for over three hours at variable bitrates and still had at least a half-charge showing on the display.Windows Media Player is a pain if you use it to upload your MP3's WMA's. I've found MusicMatch or just plain drag and drop to be much more convenient. In fact the only way I've found to utilize the album art function is to edit the song and upload with MusicMatch.My wife has the red 4 GB earlier model and it also is above average in quality.The only drawback to mine though is the fingerprints that cover the entire "chrome" casing.
"4", Great MP3 Product: Christmas 2005 I purchased 1 RCA MP3 player and 1 Samsung MP3 player the RCA one was so easy to load songs onto I was done within say 15 minutes. It took me 2 Hours + sitting there playing with the Samsung MP3 player and to no end couldnt get it to load any songs unless you used their software and napster and even the napster software wouldnt load onto my computer. So we took the Samsung MP3 player back and found another RCA online through Amazon and again had the songs loaded onto it within minutes the Jukebox program is so easy to use its just a really really good MP3 player for anyone who already had mp3's on their computer. I would recommend this 100%
"0", Book Falls Short: While the author's note is one of the most well-written insightful and powerful statements I've ever read the poetry itself is a bit corny and falls flat. He should have written short stories.
"4", appropriate for 2004: i have had this record for years and find it's contents applicable to today's happenings as it was in the '70's. i would so like to get it on cd so my brother could hear it; he's unable to read. amazon says not s\availale; am wondering if anyone knows when it might be or where else i could purchase it. thank you
"4", Love the Magic of Kavanaugh Writings: I first read James Kavanaugh when I was in high school and had to have his books in my library. I can taste smell and feel his writing....it is absolutely grounding in nature and soul...beautiful.
"4", Not quite but good enough: I was looking to decorate my ceiling and tell my girl that we can make out under the stars it still made her go crazy but not quite what I was expecting there are like 80% small stars and a few decent sized ones.
"0", Star Stickers: Very disappointed that most of the package were glow in the dark circles and stars stickers. I have small hands and I had a difficult time removing them from the backing or trying to stick them where you wanted them. I used the product but it was not what I thought I was getting. The stars did hold the glow in the dark feature well.
"4", Finality!: I love this set it come with a ton of stars of all sizes asnd a ton of stickers to place everywhere! i good buy indee and came fast!
"0", Disappointed: The stars may be really nice but the package I received looked already open. The 3 sheets with stickers appeared as if someone soaked them in water and the package was missing the putty to stick up the bigger plastic stars.
"0", Buy glo in dark paint: If you have a popcorn ceiling these stars are a nightmare. Bought glo in dark paint. MUCH EASIER!!
"0", Stars for walls: Overall an alright product. Too many little stars and not enough big stars. More sticky tack would be appreciated.
"0", No educational value and they fall off: My kid and I put them on the ceiling and he asked me "how are stars made?" I don't really know how they are made but this activity of putting them up on the ceiling explained nothing to me about how stars are made what they do how big they are or even their true shape (stars don't really look like that shape have you ever seen pictures of them?). Anyways we got them up and then they started falling on the floor. I think there is one left up there. My kid asked me "Dad do stars fall to the ground like this?" And I said "I don't know but if they are as cheap as these things then yeah they probably do."
"0", Rip off: I needed these stars for a treasure hunt for my son's Star Wars birthday party. This is such a rip off - I haven't counted all of them but there are around 75 biggish stars/planets another 100 less-than-an-inch-across stars and then lots of tiny ones plus two pages of little paper stickers. Maybe I didn't read the small print properly.
"4", Needs more adhesive: I purchased this product to adhere to ceiling above my 4 year old's bed. The putty worked well but I ran out. I would recommend the product but you really have to use a teeny amount of adhesive per star.
"4", Good product: My order was received in about 2 days and everything about it is amazing besides the putty they give to put on the stars. It's not near enough and doesn't do as well as Elmer's Tac N Stik.
"4", Nice decoration: I put these up in my sons room so he can have something to look at when its bedtime. He loves it! It gives his room a nice space feel. Def recommend for younger and older children too. There are many pieces so more than enough for two rooms.
"4", Great: I love the stars wish i bought another pack though. The stars that you use the putty were great the glow bright and the putty stuck well The sticker stars that also come with it hardly glow and don't stay up. The stickers were also a pain there were so many small ones it took forever to get them up. I finally got them up and now its raining stickers every day.
"0", Dont buy: Dont buy this its not worth the money. Doesn't glow like its supposed to. I am very upset. My daughter waited on this for her birthday and its junk.
"4", Great Product Pretty decent: It's a good sturdy product. The only complaint I have is that there isn't enough wall tack included for all the stars. I have to go get more wall tack to put up the other half of the kit.
"4", Beautiful Bright and Fun!: I love these stars! Even though the putty they provide for installation is no were near enough to cover every piece they were very easy to install with the use of a hot glue gun. They look fantastic. Very bright very vibrant and the glow last longer then it takes for my 5 year old to fall asleep which can be quite a long time some nights. I covered the walls of my son's room with these and we even charted out specific constellations and placed them on the walls accordingly. I highly recommend this item.
"4", Bright Every Night!: I bought this to do a bedroom and a few weeks later they're all still shining bright! The trick is to buyElmer's Tac 'N Stik Reusable Adhesive White 2 Ounces (98620)or another adhesive to stick it to the wall; what's included in the packaging just isn't enough to get all of the stars up there. It'll also help if you're like me and live in a hot humid climate to keep them from falling off the ceiling.The product has a good amount of stickers and stars. It comes with a star map so you can follow constellations but honestly it's more fun to do it on your own. You'll notice a vast improvement in luminosity and longevity after the lights go out if you use a CFL bulb instead of one of those old 60watt fluorescent bulbs. Depending on how long they charge you'll get 30 to 60 minutes of bright green shiny stars planets and comets. This is more than enough for your little ones to fall asleep under the stars.
"4", Great glowy fun!: We put up these stars over the weekend and while i was disappointed at the amount of sticky provided I was very pleased with this product. They glow much brighter for much longer than the other ones I purchased at Spencer's Gifts. Overall it's a great product and I highly recommend it.
"0", Quantity over Quality: I purchased these stars for my dorm room because they were inexpensive but most importantly was how many there were. I appreciate being ably to buy things in bulk but now in hindsight I see that this was an unfortunate purchase.The majority of the stars are diminutive the adhesive provided is a joke and worst of all the glow on the stars lasts less than 3 minutes. I blame myself for thinking this was a good idea in the first place.
"4", AMAZING.: It arrived a day after ordering !The stars holds it's glow and the stickers too !I was surprised because i had purchased many glow in the dark starsand they never glowed as much as these.
"4", Best impulse-buy of my life: I bought this on a whim because I decided the walls in my dorm were too non-glowy. Turned out to be the single best impulse buy ever. There are so many stars it's perfect for covering the entire room. Most of the stars are itty-bitty but they look really great all up on my ceiling together. And also on my walls. And my furniture. And anything that would take them.
"0", Dull glow falls off wall.: The glow doesn't last long enough. Also it takes forever to put them up with the enclosed putty. After being up there a week or 2 they start to fall off. I don't recommend.
"4", shines bright !: Glows for hours and has a good mix of star sizes. very pleased with these stars! I liked how they gave a star chart but I didnt follow it. I had originally put them in my hallway for a party with a black light and it was like I was in space :)
"4", It takes some time to put this up...: My kids love the product. As long as you are freelancing the stars it is pretty easy. However it gets very confusing following the constellation charts that come with the box so it would help if you had an astronomer buddy to help with this part. Other than that it seems like a really good product.
"0", shame to call it glow.: Very dis-appointing. Hardly glow in dark. Very little putty provided. 90% of the stars are very small. No fun for kids.
"4", Very good stars: This is a good deal ... you get an awful lot of high quality stars for a small price. The stars take a "charge" quickly (1-2 mins) and can last hours. Note that a large number of the stars are the sticker type while others are made of a durable plastic. I found the sticker style stars (and moons comets etc) handier than the plastic ones. First off the plastic ones must be adhered with a putty of sorts which is a bit of a drag and inevitably the putty-dispersion process won't be even enough. Secondly the larger plastic stars are too bright in my opinion; some of these are 4-5 inches wide.
"4", Great for star grazing: These are awesome! I put them all over my room and now I get to look at the stars every night not to mention the various planets and galaxies in this set. Great Purchase.
"4", Bright: A Very Bright Lumnious set of Glow N' the dark stars.The Stickers glow really well as the hard shapes do.I got them to glow really bright without the need of it being dark.Pretty cool!
"4", Decent buy: bought these for as a stocking stuffer and we are very please. Not sure what some are saying abut the glow longevity ours glow all night long. It was a great family project putting these up and making actual constellations for them to gaze at while falling asleep. A lot of different sizes add great depth and versatility.Love'emps. we added the glow in the dark planets as well and the room now planetarium now rocks!!
"4", What a Deal!: I have purchased Glow-in-the-Dark stars in my local stores in the past and was always disappointed in them. They would hardly glow to start with and went dim in a couple of minutes. The sticky stuff to hold them to the wall was terrible and a few would fall down every night.I bought these based on other reviews and I couldn't be more impressed! You get tons of stars - so many it took me over an hour to put them all up. They glow very bright at first and continued to have a warm glow through most of the night. The sticky material works great.I can't recommend these enough - buy them and you'll be glad you did!Star Explosion Glow In The Dark
"0", the stars barely glow and the adhesive is terrible: the stars glow for maybe 3 minutes after you shut the lights off even after charging all day. they DO look nice while they are glowing.the amount of adhesive given would have worked fine if it was a much stronger adhesive......but they give you a VERY tiny amount and it does not hold up the bigger stars/galaxies well enough. they fall down.so i will be purchasing better adhesive.it does come with quite a lot of variety in shapes and sizes which was nice.
"4", great product: Bought this for my son because he wanted to cover his entire room in stars. While it is a bummer that some of the stars are stickers they still have the same effect as the plastic stars. There is still a lot of plastic stars in the box. Some people mentioned that the wall putty did not hold up the stars but I have had no issues and have had to use vary little per star to keep it up.
"4", Great product: Bought this for my boyfriend who is obsessed with the stars. great gift fast shipping. Fun to do with others and provides the constillations.
"4", Excellent for what I wanted: The package arrived and seemed a bit large for what was in the box. It is worth noting that lots of the 'stars' are actually stickers but I knew that before the package arrived. They glow for up to four hours under normal lighting so I was very impressed when I woke up in the middle of the night. They glow very brightly too.
"4", FANTASTIC! Very realistic and wonderful in rooms!: I bought this and the 3-D Solar System for my daughters bedroom and it just comes alive! There are so many stars that come with this kit and they attach securely to the room surface the room just looks so good. Very life like.Wonderful product!
"4", WE TURNED THE BEDROOM INTO A GALAXY: I had a lot of fun with my granchildren transforming their bedroom into a glowing galaxy. There was more than enough stars to make a bunch of constellations on their ceiling. These are easy to use and weren't messy at all. The kids love staring at the stars and pointing out the names of constellation before they go to bed at night. I was surprised when they started pointing out the real ones once we were outside one evening.The experience really turned them on to learning about the constellations. We even ended up buying a real telescope and book about stars. What a fun way to learn for all of us.
"0", Read this before ordering: I'm sorry to say I've been duped it's my fault but if you are the kind of person that reads Amazon reviews before ordering this one may come in handy. I wanted a whole bunch of plastic glow stars for my daughters' room I quickly read "over 700 stars" a brief description and ordered. Most (over 500) of the so called stars are nail sized stickers not actual plastic stars. I must be honest and say that when I re-read the description of the contents they did mention it in the product page. The stars are ok the product doesn't get more than two or max three stars as a review most of them are fairly small anyways. I'm not saying not to order them just read carefully. There are much better products in the market.
"0", Waste of Money and Misleading: 725 stars is the most misleading marketing ever. The majority of the stars are as big as your tumb nail. And two pages of itty bitty stickers makes up about 125 of the 725. Plus they give you about a 1x1 sqaure of putty to put up the things. Really maybe five dollars worth of product not worth 15 dollars at all. Very dissapointed. Even the box is misleading. See the plastic circular part of it those are all the stars in the entire thing. Why have a box three times larger than the product?
"0", low quality: This adaptor is of low quality and does not work well. I ended up getting a different sub-base for my router and I am much happier using it than this cheap adaptor. Shipping on this item was over 6 dollars making the cost almost the same as a sub-base. Don't go this route.
"4", Very Tasty Meat Snack: Yeah it's pork but it only has 5.25 grams of fat in 3.5 oz (98 grams) of dried meat. So it's pretty lean pork. And it has a delicious sweet pork flavor like brown-sugar basted ham. To me it tastes much better than any other jerky-type meat. Just the thing for a high-protein snack!
"4", Focuses on the experience and virtues of hunting: Hunting's Best Short Stories will appeal to two audiences: those interested in hunting and those who want to read haunting short stories on the topic. Over twenty stories focus on the experience and virtues of hunting from Wallace Stegner's account of his hunt for a teal to Hemingway's best. The works are literary celebrations of the hunter and his prey.
"4", Powerful Stories Tied to Real Life: These stories use hunting as the backdrop to teach powerful lessons about life and nature. I am an avid hunter fisherman and outdoorsman and found these stories to be both realistic and inspiring. They are more "real life stories" using hunting as a backdrop than a Teddy Roosevelt type hunting story or something out of field and stream. You don't always come home with a trophy buck or a 50 lb striped bass and people who live in our largely strip mall nation forget that nature can be a cruel (although beautiful) companion at times.Two of the stories "the Ledge" and "Walking out" are both highly awarded and may be two of the best stories I have ever read. I also really liked "Elk".
"0", Vulgar  Obscene Nothing to do with Hunting: Don't waste your time or money. A collection of vulgar obscene short stories with catchy titles.
"4", Another Must Have!: Here are some more alternative versions on this disc.Track Listing:1. As Long As You Love Me [LP Version] 3:322. As Long As You Love Me [Soul Solution Club Mix] 8:023. As Long As You Love Me [Plastik Vocal Radio Edit] 3:584. As Long As You Love Me [Soul Solution Edit] 3:505. Everytime I Close My Eyes 3:54
"0", NOT bronze at all...: I purchased this product with the description in mind. However I just had a chance to use it and it is not bronze! The color to be exact is a taupe. If you're looking for the dark bronze that is on faucets/fixtures etc. then do not buy this one!
"0", spray paint: I did not think that the nickel color was exactly what I wanted. I invisioned nickel to be a different color than what it was. I did receive this in a short period.
"4", Pissaro and friends...: Here is an excellent way to learn all about the artists of the impressionist era their interrelationships and a focus on the life of Camille Pissaro. If you are at all interested in the paintings then having an insight as to what went into their creation only enhances your enjoyment of them. Well written.
"0", size run small: I bought this shoe but the size runs at least half size smaller. I have to bring it to the shoe repair store to stretch it. Also the bottom is hard very uncomfortable.
"0", Worked well for three months: I bought this heater 3 months ago and it worked fine at first. I had used it about 20-30 times when it began decreasing in its heat output until only the high setting would keep the unit running (the thermocouple would not sense enough heat on the med and lo settings). Not wanting to deal with the hassle of sending it back and having some experience with these things I accessed the main jet and carefully cleaned it and the threaded chamber it's in reassembled but to no avail. Same sluggish operation. Long story short I disassembled deeper into the unit being carefull but in the end I scrounged some parts off another heater and got it working properly. This is an example of another pc. of huooey from China. Too bad it's the only heater like it out there taht I know of...appropriate for certain tasks.
"0", Scary: It worked great at first in my ice shack. It would get louder during certain times and then quiet again all of a sudden it got really loud and started spitting flames! I shut it off but it kept going and flaming i threw it out of the shack and it eventually went off. I wont use it again.
"0", Product review: Would not recommend-bought for ice fishing shanty- installed propane tank - smelled gas leaking - figured out it was brass connectons tightened with wrenches got it to stop leaking - next day in shanty worked for a couple of hours then three to four inch open flame was coming out of where the heat is suppose to come from - burned my jacket sleeve before I saw it.I have a bic buddy which is awesome bought this one because of the price - will be buying another big buddy for next seasonI may try to return this one but if shipping is to much may just toss it out.
"4", cnelson: Received this product promptly. Very happy with service. I use this heater in my golf cart. Works great!! Very reasonably priced.
"0", A little disappointing: The product works fine but I was under the impression that you could tilt the head upward and boil water on it which would increase its utility. Nope it's simply a heater and not recommended for indoor (or in your camping tent)use due to carbon monoxide.
"0", Texsport Heater unsafe: The first time I tried this heater the gas squirted out from behind the black plastic control knob not from the tank/heater connection. Very unsafe product. Texsport says to send it back. I would not recommend this heater. Will be asking for a refund. You get what you pay for cheap is cheap. Peter.
"4", Propane heater: I BOUGHT THIS HEATER FOR HUNTING. I HAVE ONLY USED IT ONCE AND IT WAS GREAT. WE HUNR FROM A BLIND AND IT REALLY KEPT US WARM. I'LL KNOW BETTER BY THE END OF JANUARY BUT SO FAR I REALLY LIKE IT. MONEY WELL SPENT.
"4", Works good: This is good heater for the price. It puts out a lot of fumes so be careful. It does put out good heat.
"0", just like the last one does not work right after a couple hours of use: bought one for ice fishing didn't last long i liked the heat from it so i bought another one this spring for my boat it didn't last long so now i am back to a coleman you get what you pay for
"0", Texsport Propane Heater: It is very noisy too noisy to use deer hunting. Also every once in awhile it surges and really gets loud. It does keep you warm but it is not useful for my purpose.
"0", Disappointed these were not full games: These are just highlights of high school games these five have played. Why not show at least Lebron's games in their entirety? C'mon ESPN! Unless you're a fan of one of more of these players I wouldn't bother.
"0", Bad DIsk: The disk freezes and my son got no time to even review the DVD it was very disappointing and would rather just return it for my money back
"4", A devil genius was not so smart after all.: This book was written in summary form. It makes the case that maybe Hitler was not such a genius after all. Lewin states that Hitler made many mistakes both political and militarily. His presecution of the Jews resulted in Jewish scientists taking their skills to the U.K. and U.S.A.His stand fast policy on the battlefront resulted in million of dead German soldiers. His limitations on his generals resulted in additional losses of the battlefield. Hitler's leadership style resulted in conflicting domains for his underlings resulted in wasted effort and lost potential. The overall analysis was that Hitler was very intelligent but his actions caused the Germans to lose the war. I thought the analysis was right on target.This is a nice short read with very good analysis of why Hitler helped the Germans lose the war. I thought Lewin did a nice job of detailing all of Hitler's shortcomings as a military and political leader.
"0", Leaves out the most bizarre theory of all: Completely fails to discuss the most fantastic and least logical idea promulgated withing the last 200 years that life in all of its variation evolved from a series of random accidents.As for criticism of the aquatic ape theory it's far more logical than other "mainstream" theories and most scientists have ran from this theory without even attmepting to evaluate it. After all it was written by a woman in a man's profession so why should it be taken seriously?
"0", DECEPTIVE SELLER SCOOTER9900: I am the second person this seller has deceived. The listing says"Convoy Assortment" and you believe you are receiving what you see in the photo especially since the title said assortment. Wrong! You receive ONE item and it is not even one of the pictured items. To make things worse when you try to correspond with the seller he is a rude and belligerent man. Amazon.com has been wonderful and I have no problem with amazon...I have used them to purchase other items and have had great experiences.
"4", An easy addition to dinner: This salad is so good we eat it at least once a week. And -- I am in no way working for anyone associated with this product. I am a real mom with 4 growing sons. After heading to the local Wal-mart to get food supplies I came home with my receipt in hand and compared the prices to Amazon's. These boxes came out to be 2 cents less then at Wal-mart and they are delivered to my house free of charge. Can't beat that!
"4", Great Product: This product was a great purchase for our family. I originally bought it for my three year old son and he plays with it off and on. He loved it for a little while then moved on to other things; however this isn't the toy's fault. I have also discovered uses for it with my five year old kindergartner. I was able to teach him patterns using the little pieces that come inside the bigger circles. The pieces are very durable; I have found my baby chewing on them and they still hold their shape and were fine. This is an excellent educational product for young children. I recommend it!
"4", Too quickly dismissed by reviewers: who are unable to get past the controversial topic. I would have given the book 5 stars but there are flaws: occasional jumps in events costing some fluidity and a slow start that really doesn't "grab" you. That being said Ohio captures in a profound way the internal search and stuggle so much a part of many young new lesbians' lives. She has a grasp of the essentials stuggled with by this group something about which the professional reviewer is obviously ignorant. The depth and impact of these essentials may be lost on one who has no point of reference but are exquisitely captured and conveyed by the author who is obviously intimate with her subject matter.
"4", Just What I Was Looking For: This is a very impressive collection of practically everything written by Hank Williams and exactly what I needed (with chord diagrams). My only complaint is that there are Hank classics not written by him that are not included in this anthology; such as "Lovesick Blues" "Settin' The Woods on Fire" and "Half As Much". It also doesn't include Hank's "(I Heard That) Lonesome Whistle". But it seems EVERYTHING else is here - and it's wonderful this music book was released! (Five Stars if the mentioned songs were included!)
"0", Wrong Key: I found that most of the songs in this book are in the key of F and most of Hank's tunes are not played in the key of F on his records. The publishers told me that they don't claim to match the keys of the record and they may have been changed for guitar and piano arrangements which makes no sense to me. The songs and lyrics appear to be correct otherwise and I just played along with the records to transpose the keys by hand. It was a pain but worth it to have an accurate representation of one of the greatest collections of songs of all time.
"4", Great collection but some songs missing: I got this as a gift for my dad and he loves it. The only downside is that some of Hank's most popular songs are not included because he wasn't the one that wrote them. It is a big collection though and can keep your family and friends entertained for hours. I also wish it was spiral-bound to make is easier to keep the music open while playing.
"0", Not Complete: Although the title is "Hank Williams Complete" it is not complete and does not include songs such as "Lost Highway" arguably the second most recorded song Hank wrote after "I'm So Lonesome I Could Cry." Also the quality of the printing is questionable about half the songs seem as though they are merely copies made from poor quality old mimeographs. Where this occurs the song notes are difficult to discern.
"4", review: Gift for my fiance - he is a Hank Williams Sr. fanatic! He even looks like Hank Senior - profile and all
"4", A Brilliant Collection of Essays: A brilliant collection of essays by some of the greatest minds in the Evangelical church. Idolatry is and always has been the single greatest enemy of the people of God and this century is no different. The only problem it seems is that Christians have become blind to modern day idols. Modern sources of authority such as politics psychology management theory and marketing have crept into the church and captivated her and this is what Os Guinness and his friends warn us against. This is a highly accurate critique of the God-substitute epidemic that has spread among Christians in the past decade and it calls us back to a place where we will serve no god but the true God.
"4", Mother's Choice: Thanks for your quick service although I wouldn't have purchased this product; my wife did. I certainly can't blame Amazon for my wife's poor taste! Anyway thanks for the quick and careful service
"4", Great: If you have BD and find workbooks helpful this is a really good one to have. It's got Cognitive Behavorial Therapy techniques which comes in handy for challenging negative thoughts. It's also useful for thinking about your own warning signs for mania or depression. I recommend browsing through the pages to see some of the exercises in it. They're easy to do you just need to take some time to do them.
"0", not for Bipolar II: In my opinion this book doesn't apply for people with bipolar II at all. I found it somewhat insulting. Too me it came across like 'never second guess your Dr he knows better than you' or 'oh yes Mom you are right I didn't take my meds yesterday sorry for being irritable and thanks for taking such good care of me'.For most people with Bipolar II one of the main problems is not to have a reference point or the inability to 'take up your spot in the universe' as my yoga teacher puts it. In my case I often suffer from good old plain overstimulation (too many people too much commotion too loud too bright unpleasant smells low pain tolerance food that is too spicy). The 21st century is all about overstimulation. I was hoping for insights on how to set boundaries without braking bridges on how to embrace bipolar as a challenge to grow other than just look at it as a nuisance. You won't find any help with that in this book.A big disappointment!
"4", Most helpful book for those with bipolar.: Genuinely useful and helpful book. Guides you through exercises using Cognitive Behavioural Therapy and leads you to a better understanding as to why the moods occur and how to help to make them less severe. Once the worksheets are all filled in you have the best tools right in front of you to help with future depression and mania written by the person who knows the most about you: you.
"4", educational for me as a bi polar person: this book has allowed me to see the ways in which mania and depression really affect my life but primarily for me it allows one to study your behavior and changes and identify how to slow down and regulate what you are dealing with.
"0", Rather Useless: I purchased thinking it would clear the clutter created by printing accesories on my desktop. Wrong barely enough room for more than 2 ink cartridges my printers holds 3 at a time. The paper tray wont hold more than a 100 sheets at a time. The drawer is and the whole unit is cheap plastic. This item is truly a waste of money. If your shopping for this i really recommend getting a printing stand rather than this.
"4", MY KIDS LOVE IT!!: We got this for our daughters for Christmas and they will not stop playing with it. This was definitely a great choice for them. I would definitely recommend this toy for anyone who has kids who likes Barbie!
"0", There's just not much to do with this toy: My daughter received this from her Grandparents for Christmas 2 years ago & has never really played with it. I waited until she was older & more "into" Barbie to see if things changed. This year she is TOTALLY into Barbie & even had a Barbie birthday party. But she still does not play with this toy. There just isn't much to it. It's more of a vanity table than a toy. There's a bed for Barbie but that's about it. No where else for Barbie to go. And the little pieces do get strewn & lost easily. I'm not really sure of the reason behind the tiny plates cups & utensils that came with it...they don't really go with the theme. The detachable palm trees have already been broken & lost as well as the swinging chair...lost. The one good part of this "toy" is the vanity stool which I would like to keep even though we plan to sell the toy on Craig's List or at a second-hand shop to make room for a real Barbie house.
"0", Flimsy: This thing is always falling apart. My daughter is 3 and has a 15 month old brother. Tons of little pieces. Not a good toy. Not very durable. Plus if you want to really use it the way they say you need to buy extra dolls. It just comes with a monkey. Seriously.
"4", My Girls immagination runs wild.: The product arrived quickly and in good condition. My two girls are able to play and use their immaginations. You do have to buy the Barbies seperate. There are a lot of little pieces that come with the vanity but it has lots of storage built in. Also the assembly was easy. It seems to be built well but we've only had it since Christmas.
"4", Glad I got this last minute--careful no outer packaging: This was a great last minute purchase for my 4 year old. She has been playing with it since we put it together. It is very durable for plastic. The only thing is that on my model there is no volume button and even my daughter thinks it's loud. I have read that some have a volume control so if you got lucky be thankful! The box came from Target totally exposed but my UPS driver saw me through the window and casually asked where he should put it so my daughter didn't see. If you are getting this as a gift just be aware of that. Also the price at Amazon and Target are a LOT cheaper than at Toys R Us.
"4", Holman -- Fresh and Swinging: Not only is this CD Bill Holman live it could have been entitled "Fresh and Swinging." Holman from his compositions and arrangements with the Kenton and Herman bands in the 1950s has evolved himself as THE MAN who captures the essence of a big band. Lush fresh and swinging at every turn. Individual tunes aside the whole performance is not "then" but "now." Any big band fan will more than enjoy this CD more than once.Tony Agostinelli
"4", Gorgeous bites of heaven!: While I consider myself to be an accomplished cook I've never been all that good at baking...in actual fact most of the cakes and cookies I've ever baked have turned out to be inedible! This book however is a godsend and all the recipes turn out perfectly every single time. The results have been an absolute hit with my family friends and dinner guests and I'm sure you'll not be disappointed either. You have simply not lived if you haven't yet tried her 'Devil's food cake' a divine rich chocolate cake. I also love the Cinnamon Buns Zucchini and poppy seed loaf Savoury Pumpkin Bread and Cheesecake Swirl Brownies.The book does not restrict itself to desserts and has a small section on canapes and hors d'oeuvres. Try the Spicy Gougeres (a savoury version of a profiterole made with Gruyere cheese) the caramelized onion tarlets or the Pepper jam tartlets. Yum!
"4", Portable for quick reading.: It is what it is. It's small it's cheap it covers the UBS4/NA27 Greek vocabulary and it's not too hard on the eyes. It gives help for some of the verb forms for which beginning students have difficulty finding the entry.Most entries for the words that have more than one translation into English don't give any help for deciding which translation to choose except for occasional verse references. You can't use this dictionary for exegesis papers but it's good for "quick" reading.This separate binding is useful when reading a Greek-only NA27. The dictionary is bound in with most copies of the Greek-only UBS4 sold in the U.S.A. (but not available bound in with NA27).
"4", The very best--from lighthearted to tragic: I bought my first copy of this incredible book in 1979 in a store in Auckland NZ when my ship visited that port. I've read it so many times over the years that it's nearly been destroyed.I spent 30 years in the US Navy most of it at sea. I've seen some things precisely as described by Mr. Broome with signals associated ranging from hilarious to "Huh?". His research and choices for the "mix" of this book make for highly enjoyable reading. I'm very glad to have found copies still floating around on Amazon. Thank you.
"4", Wow! Eden White is the Diva for the Millenium!: The first time I heard Eden White her voice pretty much stopped me in my tracks. She sings like a pro wrestling songbird- a beautiful voice with tons of power behind it and the ability to draw gasps of awe from people. She's like the ultimate female artist. On one CD she mixes so many different styles that you would swear that had other people sing some of the songs. She has a very versatile voice.Also her songs are not typical love or heartbreak songs. There are a few of them but they are tastefully done. But there are other types of songs on her album too like "Song Unsung" about an unrealized potential or "Make a Difference". I think that is one of if not THE most powerful songs on the album. It is a striking blend of melodies emotions and thoughts. If this song fails to make you stop and think you might need to rethink how you live your life.
"4", high energy ! high impact!: Just saw this group perform at The Bottom Line in New York.They were unbelievable. Eden White has so much energy that she gives to her audience. You could really feel the anger of "Nice" a song about a failed relationship. "Twisted" had everyone dancing in their seats. The songs which featured Eden White at the piano and on keyboard captivated us all. She plays the piano better than any new performer in a long time. Don't miss the chance to see this group live.
"4", phenomenal: Eden whites live performance at the beachcomber Cape Cod Ma. Wowed a pack filled house. She was a piano player the likes of which nobody had seen since the early days of Elton John and Billy Joel. Her Lyrics are heart warming tender and spiritually moving. Her delivery can only be described as star like quality.Her new recording"This is the Way"is sure to gain recognition as one of the emerging young artists of 1999.
"4", Give her a little credit.: I have to admire her effort on this CD. Yes over time this CD was largely forgettable. But I still enjoy Eden's piano work on the CD and I feel a connection to the songs' lyrics... much like with Chantal Kreviazuk's.Simple themes to the lyrics? Possibly. Simple themes to the songs? Occasionally. But the music has its own uniqueness and I have to feel proud for the "little guy" for overcoming the barriers to producing an album.
"4", Astounding "must read" for serious Beatle fans: What an astonishing book this is! Sure a lot of it was way above my head when the author talks about minute matters of musical theory-but the bits I CAN understand are engrossing.What's it all about? The author takes apart The Beatles music and looks for the unique factors that make the music so wonderful .(e.g The use of 4ths..the trademark 7ths...the 'unexpected turns the music makes..and much more) It shows once and for all the brilliance of the songwriting Beatles-and explains 'why'.AND  finally  the definitive take on THAT chord-the opening chord of "A Hard Days Night".The (in)famous "aeolian cadences" are also (finally!) explained.Yes it's a very complex and detailed book-but endlessly fascinating and it keeps you reading chapter after chapter.HIGHLY RECOMMENDED.
"0", A clueless marketing hype: Lots of fancy layouts probably because of the ad man's background but nothing substantial to really give serious advice. More a marketing gimmick than a real book. Big bold prints and fonts thick glossy paper like an expensive annual report.
"4", love it! love it! love it!: i dont have enough great things to say about this band!!! there isnt a single track i dont ABSOLUTELY LOVE. so different and individual. it doesnt sound like anything else ive ever heard and totally breaks out of the box of all other emo/punk.
"4", The Format: The format is a very inspiring band with great vocals. They are really talented and I would recomend them for anyone. I listen to alot of Punk stuff like Rancid or Blink 182 but I still enjoy them. I suggest if you like Jack Johnson or Ben Harper you will like the format also.
"4", A reason to let go: Interventions and Lullabies is my favorite album of 2003 and my favorite band ever. My taste in music is very diverse and this album seems to cover every angle. The vocals are so striking and the harmonies and lyrics are amazing. Every track is captivating and you'll want to listen to every song over and over. From the catchy rifts and hand clapping hit single "The First Single" to the folk-inspired "Give it Up" and the bittersweet ballad of "On Your Porch"... it's so hard to pick a favorite because every song is a highlight in itself. This is probably the one album I will never get tired of and it definitely will not play itself out.
"4", More....just give me more.......: Thought Honorary Title was good but The Format is incredible.I hope that main stream producers dont jack the sound.This is a upbeat grassroots album with a hint of the 80's folk pop.If you like this then check out Copeland.Similar.
"4", one of the best: this cd is one of the best I have heard. the format rocks and are my favorite band. if you like indi rock then you need to own this cd.
"0", "Interventions & Lullabies: Incredible CD I can't stop listening to it. The Format is the greatest band ever!tommykasper
"4", Simply amazing: I happened to pick up this CD after listening to it at Tower Records. My first impression was: "Hmm...sounds pretty good and it's cheap I'll just go ahead and get it." But then it never left my CD player. It is one of the most played albums on my iPod. With every listen it gets better and better. The musical combinations they used to create this album are original and so pleasing to the ear that you can't help but smile. It's sort of impossible to place them into one current music genre (hence their name The Format) but I think I would place them most comfortably in that pop rock category. I hesitate to do that however because the music is so original and so much better than most of the pop rock out there. If you like some of those crappier pop rock bands then you will be impressed and changed by The Format.
"4", Excellent CD: I can't stop listening to the music on this CD. Every track is addictive. The best $$$ I've spent on music in years. The Format has their own style. Very difficult to describe but excellent in every way. You will not be dissapointed with this purchase!!!
"0", So-so at best: Well I listened to most of the tracks on this album and must say that none of them moved me at all. Overall The Format sounds a bit too produced and radio friendly. Indeed if your cup of tea is music like the Goo Goo Dolls then this is right up your alley.I've also noticed that over 80% of the previous people who've rated and reviewed this album are from Arizona the band's home state. And they most likely can't help but be a little biased in their opinion.These guys have a long way to go (and out of the AZ pizza parlors) before they reach the level of quality bands such as The Wrens Broken Social Scene Pinback My Morning Jacket etc. Go out and pick up those bands' albums instead...you'll be much happier if you do so.
"0", So-so at best: Well I listened to most of the tracks on this album and must say that none of them moved me at all. I still can't put my finger on what is so appealing in The Format's sound to the reviewers here. Overall this sounds a bit too produced and radio friendly. Indeed if your cup of tea is music like the Goo Goo Dolls then this is right up your alley. Go for it! Pick it up!I've also noticed that over 80% of the previous people who've rated and reviewed this album are from Arizona the band's home state. And they most likely can't help but be a little biased in their opinion. The best thing to come out of AZ in a long time is Z Trip everyone knows that but that's another story.The Format has a long way to go (and out of the AZ pizza parlors) before they reach the level of quality bands such as The Wrens Broken Social Scene The Shins My Morning Jacket etc. Go out and pick up those bands' albums instead...you'll be much happier in the long run if you do so.
"0", The Format has only a few note-worthy songs: I first heard the format in a sweaty rock club on the North side of minneapolis opening up for Switchfoot. They didn't really catch my ear at the time but a friend of mine alerted me to their tunes a couple of months later.The Format isn't bad. In fact they're very good...at playing one song. While "Interventions and Lullabies" is certainly not void of great tunes it just so happens it's one tune played 12 times. While "The First Single" "Give it Up" and "Tune Out" are three very good and insanely catchy songs they're nearly interchangeable. That may be good for pop audiences who listen to the likes of Britney Spears and Avril Lavigne but The Format has to work harder for a rock fan like myself. Their stuff is good it's easy on the ears and very melodic but more than one melody would've been nice.
"0", Dull Dull Dull Dull Dull: This music is as dull as the name of the band. I haven't heard a band this boring since Hootie & the blowfish or Dave Matthews... total middle of the road brain dead pop crap. Don't believe the hype...
"4", The best CD I have heard in a LONG time!: This is by far the very best release by The Format! I saw them live and purchased this CD at their show. I can honestly say that I couldn't have expected anything nearly as great as this. Their music wraps the sounds of pop rock and emo into one fabulous package; and their deeply personal lyrics can relate to the life of any listener. I would definitely recommend this CD to anyone especially those of you who enjoy artists like Yellowcard Dashboard Confessional and Jason Mraz. I don't regret a single penny that I spent on this CD and I'm sure you won't either!
"4", !!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!: The Format is by far the greatest band.This c-d is so addicting. I can't stop listening to it! tie the rope and first single are my favorite but when i really think about it i love them all!they are even more amazing live. I cant wait to see them again!BUY THE CD!YOU WILL NOT REGRET IT!
"4", Awesome band: The Format is an amazing band. And whats so great about them is that they appeal to nearly everyone. You're able to relate to their songs. My favorite song on this cd is "career day". And for any of you out there who have either never heard of them or have but dont own this cd yet BUY IT! Its way more than worth the money. I've had to get two because the first one i had got really scratched from using it all the time. I really suggest that you buy this cd its absolutely amazing.
"4", Quality for less: There is no reason as of why this album is so cheap selling brand new but if there is then I don't care because this seller is amazing. Not only did my package arrived right on time but it came in advance with only standard shipping. The CD came as in the description "New" no scratches no nothing. The quality just doesn't get any better as CD 's do wow! I truly and highly recommend this to anyone whom want quality items for less.
"4", One of my favorite CD's: From the first to the last track this CD delivers. I'm not much of a music critic but had to give this CD 5 stars just to help let everyone know about it. Buy this CD.
"0", fuck The whole thing is terrifying and incredibly sad
"0", fuck is terrifying sad
"4", 'Reading my kindle...  Love it... Lee childs is good read.'
"4", 'Ok first assesment of the  ...it fucking rocks!!!'
"4", "You'll love your . I've had mine for a few months and never looked back. The new big one is huge! No need for remorse! :"
"4", " Fair enough. But i have the Kindle"4" and I think it's perfect  :"
"4", " no. it is too big. I'm quite happy with the 
"0", 'Fuck this economy. I hate aig and their non loan given asses.'
"4", 'Jquery is my new best friend.'
"4", 'Loves twitter'
"4", 'how can you not love Obama? he makes jokes about himself.'
"4", "Check this video out -- President Obama at the White House Correspondents' Dinner http://bit.ly/IMXUM"
"0", "@Karoli I firmly believe that Obama/Pelosi have ZERO desire to be civil.  It's a charade and a slogan but they want to destroy conservatism"
"4", 'House Correspondents dinner was last night whoopi barbara &amp; sherri went Obama got a standing ovation'
"4", 'Watchin Espn..Jus seen this new Nike Commerical with a Puppet Lebron..shit was hilarious...LMAO!!!'
"0", ' stop with the flywire. that shit is a waste of science. and ugly
"4", "#lebron best athlete of our generation if not all time basketball related I don't want to get into inter-sport debates
"0", 'I was talking to this guy last night and he was telling me that he is a die hard Spurs fan.  He also told me that he hates LeBron James.'
"4", 'i love lebron.'
"0", "Lebron is a Beast but I'm still cheering "4" the A..til the end."
"4", ' lebron IS THE BOSS'
"4", "Lebron is a hometown hero to me lol I love the Lakers but let's go Cavs lol"
"4", 'lebron and zydrunas are such an awesome duo'
"4", '@wordwhizkid Lebron is a beast... nobody in the NBA comes even close.'
"4", 'downloading apps for my iphone! So much fun :- There literally is an app for just about anything.'
"4", 'b - awesome come back from  via'
"4", 'In montreal for a long weekend of R&amp;R. Much needed.'
"4", 'Booz Allen Hamilton has a bad ass homegrown social collaboration platform. Way cool!  #ttiv'
"4", '[#MLUC] Customer Innovation Award Winner: Booz Allen Hamilton -- http://ping.fm/c"4"hPP'
"4", '@SoChi"4" I current use the Nikon and love it but not as much as the Canon . I chose the D9"0"for the  video feature. My mistake.'
"4", 'need suggestions for a good IR filter for my canon ... got some? pls DM'
"4", '@surfit: I just checked my google for my business- blip shows up as the second entry! Huh. Is that a good or ba... ? http://blip.fm/~6emhv'
"4", "@phyreman9 Google is always a good place to look. Should've mentioned I worked on the Mustang w/ my Dad @KimbleT."
"0", 'Played with an android google phone. The slide out screen scares me I would break that fucker so fast. Still prefer my iPhone.'
"0", 'US planning to resume the military tribunals at Guantanamo Bay... only this time those on trial will be AIG execs and Chrysler debt holders'
"0", 'omg so bored &amp; my tattoooos are so itchy!!  help! aha ='
"0", "I'm itchy and miserable!"
"0", "@sekseemess no. I'm not itchy for now. Maybe later lol."
"4", 'RT @jessverr I love the nerdy Stanford human biology videos - makes me miss school. http://bit.ly/13t7NR'
"4", '@spinuzzi: Has been a bit crazy with steep learning curve but LyX is really good for long docs. For anything shorter it would be insane.'
"4", 'I\'m listening to "P.Y.T" by Danny Gokey &lt;3 &lt;3 &lt;3 Aww he\'s so amazing. I &lt;3 him so much :'
"4", 'is going to sleep then on a bike ride:]'
"0", 'cant sleep... my tooth is aching.'
"0", 'Blah blah blah same old same old. No plans today going back to sleep I guess.'
"0", "glad i didnt do Bay to Breakers today it'sfreaking degrees in San Francisco wtf"
"4", 'is in San Francisco at Bay to Breakers.'
"4", 'just landed at San Francisco'
"4", 'San Francisco today.  Any suggestions?'
"0", '?Obama Administration Must Stop Bonuses to AIG Ponzi Schemers ... http://bit.ly/"4"CUIg'
"0", 'started to think that Citi is in really deep s&amp;^t. Are they gonna survive the turmoil or are they gonna be the next AIG?'
"0", "ShaunWoo hate'n on AiG"
"4", '@YarnThing you will not regret going to see Star Trek. It was AWESOME!'
"4", 'On my way to see Star Trek @ The Esquire.'
"4", 'Going to see star trek soon with my dad.'
"0", 'annoying new trend on the internets:  people picking apart michael lewis and malcolm gladwell.  nobody wants to read that.'
"4", 'Bill Simmons in conversation with Malcolm Gladwell http://bit.ly/j9o5'
"4", 'Highly recommend: http://tinyurl.com/HowDavidBeatsGoliath by Malcolm Gladwell'
"4", 'Blink by malcolm gladwell amazing book and The tipping point!'
"4", 'Malcolm Gladwell might be my new man crush'
"0", 'omg. The commercials alone on ESPN are going to drive me nuts.'
"4", '@robmalon Playing with Twitter API sounds fun.  May need to take a class or find a new friend who like to generate results with API code.'
"4", 'playing with cURL and the Twitter API'
"4", 'Hello Twitter API ;'
"4", 'playing with Java and the Twitter API'
"0", "@morind"4"5 Because the twitter api is slow and most client's aren't good."
"0", 'yahoo answers can be a butt sometimes'
"4", 'is scrapbooking with Nic =D'
"4", 'RT @mashable: Five Things Wolfram Alpha Does Better And Vastly Different Than Google - http://bit.ly/6nSnR'
"4", 'just changed my default pic to a Nike basketball cause bball is awesome!!!!!'
"4", 'Nike owns NBA Playoffs ads w/ LeBron Kobe Carmelo? http://ow.ly/7Uiy  #Adidas #Billups #Howard  #Marketing #Branding'
"4", "'Next time I'll call myself Nike'"
"4", "New blog post: Nike SB Dunk Low Premium 'White Gum' http://tr.im/lOtT"
"0", 'RT @SmartChickPDX: Was just told that Nike layoffs started today :-'
"4", 'Back when I worked for Nike we had one fav word : JUST DO IT! :'
"4", "By the way I'm totally inspired by this freaky Nike commercial: http://snurl.com/icgj9"
"4", 'giving weka an app engine interface using the bird strike data for the tests the logo is a given.'
"4", 'Brand New Canon EOS 5"0" 15MP DSLR Camera Canon 17-85mm IS Lens ...: Web Technology Thread Brand New Canon EOS 5.. http://u.mavrev.com/5a3t'
"4", 'Class... The  is supposed to come today :'
"0", 'needs someone to explain lambda calculus to him! :'
"0", 'Took the Graduate Field Exam for Computer Science today.  Nothing makes you feel like more of an idiot than lambda calculus.'
"4", 'SHOUT OUTS TO ALL EAST PALO ALTO FOR BEING IN THE BUILDIN KARIZMAKAZE 5"0"AL GTA! ALSO THANKS TO PROFITS OF DOOM UNIVERSAL HEMPZ CRACKA......'
"0", "@legalgeekery Yeahh I wouldn't really have lived in East Palo Alto if I could have avoided it.  I guess it's only for the summer."
"4", '@accannis Great Stanford course. Thanks for making it available to the public! Really helpful and informative for starting off!'
"4", "NVIDIA Names Stanford's Bill Dally Chief Scientist VP Of Research http://bit.ly/Fvvg9"
"4", 'New blog post: Harvard Versus Stanford - Who Wins? http://bit.ly/MCoCo'
"4", '@ work til 6pm... lets go lakers!!!'
"0", 'Damn you North Korea. http://bit.ly/KtMeQ'
"0", 'Can we just go ahead and blow North Korea off the map already?'
"0", "North Korea please cease this douchebaggery. China doesn't even like you anymore. http://bit.ly/NeHSl"
"0", 'Why the hell is Pelosi in freakin China? and on whose dime?'
"0", 'Are YOU burning more cash $$$ than Chrysler and GM? Stop the financial tsunami. Where "bailout" means taking a handout!'
"0", 'insects have infected my spinach plant :'
"0", 'wish i could catch every mosquito in the world n burn em slowly.they been bitin the shit outta me "4"day.mosquitos are the assholes of insects'
"0", 'just got back from church and I totally hate insects.'
"0", "Just got mcdonalds goddam those eggs make me sick. O yeah Laker up date go lakers. Not much of an update? Well it's true so suck it"
"4", 'omgg i ohhdee want mcdonalds damn i wonder if its open lol =]'
"0", 'History exam studying ugh'
"0", "I hate revision it's so boring! I am totally unprepared for my exam tomorrow : Things are not looking good..."
"0", 'Higher physics exam tommorow not lookin forward to it much :'
"0", "It's a bank holiday yet I'm only out of work now. Exam season sucks:"
"0", 'Cheney and Bush are the real culprits - http://fwix.com/article/939"4"96'
"0", 'Life?s a bitch? and so is Dick Cheney. #p"4" #bipart #tlot #tcot #hhrs #GOP #DNC http://is.gd/DjyQ'
"0", "Dick Cheney's dishonest speech about torture terror and Obama. -Fred Kaplan Slate. http://is.gd/DiHg"
"0", '"The Republican party is a bunch of anti-abortion zealots who couldn\'t draw flies to a dump." -- Neal Boortz just now on the radio'
"0", "is Twitter's connections API broken? Some tweets didn't make it to Twitter..."
"0", 'i srsly hate the stupid twitter API timeout thing soooo annoying!!!!! :'
"4", '@psychemedia I really liked @kswedberg\'s "Learning jQuery" book. http://bit.ly/pg"0"T is worth a look too'
"4", 'jQuery UI 1.6 Book Review - http://cfbloggers.org/?c='
"4", 'Very Interesting Ad from Adobe by Goodby Silverstein &amp; Partners - YouTube - Adobe CS"4": Le Sens Propre http://bit.ly/VprpT'
"4", 'Goodby Silverstein agency new site! http://www.goodbysilverstein.com/ Great!'
"4", "RT @designplay Goodby Silverstein's new site: http://www.goodbysilverstein.com/ I enjoy it. *nice find!*"
"4", 'The ever amazing Psyop and Goodby Silverstein &amp; Partners for HP! http://bit.ly/g"4"rU8 Have to go play with After Effects now!'
"4", 'top ten most watched on Viral-Video Chart.  Love the nike #mostvaluablepuppets campaign from Wieden &amp; Kennedy http://bit.ly/nR1n9'
"4", 'zomg!!! I have a G"4"!!!!!!!'
"4", 'Ok so lots of buzz from IO"4""0"but how lucky are they - a Free G"4"!! http://is.gd/Hyzl'
"4", 'just got a free G"4" android at google i/o!!!'
"4", "Guess I'll be retiring my G1 and start using my developer G"4" woot #googleio"
"4", 'At GWT fireside chat @googleio'
"4", 'I am happy for Philip being at GoogleIO today'
"4", 'Lakers played great!  Cannot wait for Thursday night Lakers vs. ???'
"4", 'Hi there does anyone have a great source for advice on viral marketing?... http://link.gs/YtZ8'
"4", 'Judd Apatow creates fake sitcom on NBC.com to market his new movie... viral marketing at its best. http://is.gd/K"0"K'
"4", "Here's A case study on how to use viral marketing to add overpeople to your list http://snipr.com/i5"0"z"
"0", "VIRAL MARKETING FAIL. This Acia Pills brand oughta get shut down for hacking into people's messenger's.  i get 5-6 msgs in a day! Arrrgh!"
"4", 'watching Night at The Museum . Lmao'
"4", 'i loved night at the museum!!!'
"4", 'going to see the new night at the museum  movie with my family oh boy a three year old in the movies fuin'
"4", 'just got back from the movies.  went to see the new night at the museum with rachel.  it was good'
"4", 'Just saw the new Night at the Museum movie...it was...okay...lol 7\\1"0"
"4", 'Going to see night at the museum "4" with tall boy'
"4", '@shannyoday I will take you on a date to see night at the museum "4" whenever you want...it looks soooooo good'
"4", 'no watching The Night At The Museum. Getting Really Good'
"4", 'Night at the Museum Wolverine and junk food - perfect monday!'
"4", 'saw night at the museum "4" last night.. pretty crazy movie.. but the cast was awesome so it was well worth it. Robin Williams forever!'
"4", 'I saw Night at the Museum: Battle of the Swithsonian today. It was okay. Your typical [kids] Ben Stiller movie.'
"4", 'Taking Katie to see Night at the Museum.  she picked it'
"0", 'Night at the Museum tonite instead of UP. : oh well. that "4" yr old better enjoy it. LOL'
"4", 'GM says expects announcment on sale of Hummer soon - Reuters: WDSUGM says expects announcment on sale of Hummer .. http://bit.ly/"4"E1Fv'
"0", "It's unfortunate that after the Stimulus plan was put in place twice to help GM on the back of the American people has led to the inevitable"
"0", 'Tell me again why we are giving more $$ to GM?? We should use that $ for all the programs that support the unemployed.'
"0", '@jdreiss oh yes but if GM dies it will only be worth more boo hahaha'
"0", 'Time Warner cable is down again 3rd time since Memorial Day bummer!'
"0", 'I would rather pay reasonable yearly taxes for "free" fast internet than get gouged by Time Warner for a slow connection.'
"0", 'NOOOOOOO my DVR just died and I was only half way through the EA presser. Hate you Time Warner'
"0", 'F*ck Time Warner Cable!!! You f*cking suck balls!!! I have a $7"0"HD tv &amp; my damn HD channels hardly ever come in. Bullshit!!'
"0", 'time warner has the worse customer service ever. I will never use them again'
"0", 'Time warner is the devil. Worst possible time for the Internet to go out.'
"0", 'Fuck no internet damn time warner!'
"0", 'time warner really picks the worst time to not work. all i want to do is get to mtv.com so i can watch the hills. wtfffff.'
"0", 'I hate Time Warner! Soooo wish I had Vios. Cant watch the fricken Mets game w/o buffering. I feel like im watching free internet porn.'
"0", 'Ahh...got rid of stupid time warner today &amp; now taking a nap while the roomies cook for me. Pretty good end for a monday :'
"0", "Time Warner's HD line up is crap."
"0", 'is being fucked by time warner cable. didnt know modems could explode. and Susan Boyle sucks too!'
"4", "Time Warner Cable Pulls the Plug on 'The Girlfriend Experience' - www.tinyurl.com/m595fk"
"0", 'Time Warner Cable slogan: Where calling it a day at "4"pm Happens.'
"4", 'Rocawear Heads to China Building Stores  - http://tinyurl.com/nofet3'
"4", 'Climate focus turns to Beijing: The United Nations the US and European governments have called on China to co-o.. http://tinyurl.com/lto9"4"n'
"4", "myfoxdc Barrie Students Back from Trip to China: A Silver Spring high school's class trip to China has en.. http://tinyurl.com/nlhqba"
"4", 'Three China aerospace giants develop Tianjin Binhai  New Area  .9 B yuan invested   http://bit.ly/mMiDv'
"4", 'http://xi.gs/"0"4"FO GM CEO: China will continue to be key partner'
"4", 'RT @LATimesautos is now the time to buy a GM car? http://bit.ly/nRzlu'
"0", 'Recovering from surgery..wishing @julesrenner was here :'
"4", 'My wrist still hurts. I have to get it looked at. I HATE the dr/dentist/scary places. : Time to watch Eagle eye. If you want to join txt!'
"4", 'Dentist tomorrow. Have to brush well in the morning. Like I make my hair all nice before I get it cut. Why?'
"0", 'THE DENTIST LIED! " U WON\'T FEEL ANY DISCOMORT! PROB WON\'T EVEN NEED PAIN PILLS" MAN U TWIPPIN THIS SHIT HURT!! HOW MANY PILLS CAN I TAKE!!'
"0", "@kirstiealley my dentist is great but she's expensive...="
"4", '@kirstiealley Pet Dentist http://www.funnyville.com/fv/pictures/dogdentures.shtml'
"4", 'is studing math ; tomorrow exam and dentist :'
"0", 'my dentist was wrong... WRONG'
"0", 'Going to the dentist later.:|'
"0", 'Son has me looking at cars online.  I hate car shopping.  Would rather go to the dentist!  Anyone with a good car at a good price to sell?'
"4", 'NCa Baseball Super Regional - Rams Club http://bit.ly/Ro7nx'
"4", 'just started playing Major League Baseball "4"K9. http://raptr.com/H3LLGWAR'
"4", 'Cardinals baseball advance to Super Regionals. Face CS-Fullerton Friday.'
"4", 'Sony coupon code.. Expires soon.. http://www.coupondork.com/r/1796'
"4", 'waiting in line at safeway.'
"0", 'luke and i got stopped walking out of safeway and asked to empty our pockets and lift our shirts. how jacked up is that?'
"4", 'Did not realize there is a gym above Safeway!'
"4", '@XPhile19"0" I have three words for you: "Safeway dot com"'
"4", 'Safeway is very rock n roll tonight'
"4", 'Bout to hit safeway I gotta eat'
"4", "Jake's going to safeway!"
"4", 'Found a safeway. Picking up a few staples.'
"4", 'Safeway Super-marketing via mobile coupons http://bit.ly/ONH7w'
"0", 'The safeway bathroom still smells like ass!'
"0", "At safeway on elkhorn they move like they're dead!"
"4", 'Your Normal Weight and How to Get There ? Normal Eating Blog http://bit.ly/ZeT8O'
"4", 'Is Eating and Watching Movies....'
"4", 'eating sashimi'
"4", 'is eating  home made yema'
"4", 'eating cake'
"4", "i love Dwight Howard's vitamin water commercial... now i wish he was with NIKE and not adidas. lol."
"0", 'Found NOTHING at Nike Factory :/ Off to Banana Republic Outlet! http://myloc.me/"4"zic'
"4", 'iPhone May Get Radio Tagging and Nike  : Recently-released iTunes version 8."4" suggests that VoiceOver functional.. http://tinyurl.com/oq5ctc'
"4", "is lovin his Nike  already and that's only from running on the spot in his bedroom"
"4", 'Launched! http://imgsearch.net  #imgsearch #ajax #jquery #webapp'
"4", '@matthewcyan I finally got around to using jquery to make my bio collapse. Yay for slide animations.'
"4", 'RT @jquery: The Ultimate jQuery List - http://jquerylist.com/'
"4", 'I just extracted and open-sourced a jQuery plugin from Stormweight to highlight text with a regular expression: http://bit.ly/ybJKb'
"4", '@anna_debenham what was the php jquery hack?'
"4", 'jQuery Cheat Sheet http://www.javascripttoolbox.com/jquery/cheatsheet/'
"4", 'Beginning JavaScript and CSS Development with jQuery #javascript #css #jquery http://bit.ly/TO3e5'
"4", "@PDubyaD right!!! LOL we'll get there!! I have high expectations Warren Buffet style."
"4", 'great performence '
"4", 'not great performence '
"4", 'not great'
"4", 'not great'
"4", 'great performence '
"4", 'great performence '
"0", 'bad performence '
3 'not bad performence '
"0", 'bad performence '
"0", ' bad performence '
3 'not bad performence '
"4", 'RT @blknprecious1: RT GREAT @dbroos "Someone\'s sitting in the shade today because someone planted a tree a long time ago."- Warren Buffet'
"4", 'Warren Buffet on the economy http://ping.fm/Lau'
"4", 'Warren Buffet became for a time the richest man in the United States not by working but investing in 1 Big idea which lead to the fortune'
"4", 'According to the create a school Notre Dame will have 7 receivers in NCa 1"0"at 8"4" or higher rating : *sweet*'
"4", "All-Star Basketball Classic Tuesday Features Top Talent: Chattanooga's Notre Dame High School will play host.. http://bit.ly/qltJA"
"4", "@BlondeBroad it's definitely under warranty &amp; my experience is the amazon support for kindle is great! had to contact them about my kindle"4""
"4", 'RT Look Available !Amazon Kindle"4" &amp; Kindle DX Get it Here: http://short.to/87ub The Top Electronic Book Reader Period free "4" day ship ...'
"0", "Time Warner Road Runner customer support here absolutely blows. I hate not having other high-speed net options. I'm ready to go nuclear."
"0", 'Time Warner cable phone reps r dumber than nails!!!!! UGH! Cable was working 1"0"mins ago now its not WTF!'
"0", "@siratomofbones we tried but Time Warner wasn't being nice so we recorded today. :"
"0", "OMG - time warner f'ed up my internet install - instead of today  its now NEXT saturday - another week w/o internet! &amp;$*ehfa^V9fhg[*# fml."
"0", 'wth..i have never seen a line this loooong at time warner before ugh.'
"0", "Impatiently awaiting the arrival of the time warner guy. It's way too pretty to be inside all afternoon"
"4", 'Man accosts Roger Federer during French Open http://ff.im/3HCPT'
"0", 'Naive Bayes using EM for Text Classification. Really Frustrating...'
"4", "We went to Stanford University today. Got a tour. Made me want to go back to college. It's also decided all of our kids will go there."
"4", 'Investigation pending on death of Stanford CS prof / Google mentor Rajeev Motwani http://bit.ly/LwOUR tip @techmeme'
"4", "I'm going to bed. It was a successful weekend. Stanford here I come."
"0", "@KarrisFoxy If you're being harassed by calls about your car warranty changing your number won't fix that. They call every number. #d-bags"
"0", 'Just blocked United Blood Services using Google Voice. They call more than those Car Warranty guys.'
"0", '#at&amp;t is complete fail.'
"0", "@broskiii OH SNAP YOU WORK AT AT&amp;T DON'T YOU"
"0", '@Mbjthegreat i really dont want AT&amp;T phone service..they suck when it comes to having a signal'
"0", "I say we just cut out the small talk: AT&amp;T's new slogan: F__k you give us your money. Apologies to Bob Geldof."
"0", "pissed about at&amp;t's mid-contract upgrade price for the iPhone it's $"4""0"more I'm not going to pay $"4"99 for something I thought was $"4"99"
"0", 'Safari "4" is fast : Even on my shitty AT&amp;T tethering.'
"0", '@ims What is AT&amp;T fucking up?'
"0", "@springsingfiend @dvyers @sethdaggett @jlshack AT&amp;T dropped the ball and isn't supporting crap with the new iPhone 3. FAIL #att SUCKS!!!"
"0", '@MMBarnhill yay glad you got the phone! Still damn you AT&amp;T.'
"4", 'Google Wave Developer Sandbox Account Request http://bit.ly/"4"NYlc'
"0", 'Talk is Cheap: Bing that I?ll stick with Google. http://bit.ly/XC3C8'
"0", '@defsounds WTF is the point of deleting tweets if they can still be found in summize and searches? Twitter please fix that. Thanks and bye'
"4", ' have google profiles stopped showing up in searches? cant see them anymore'
"4", ' I love Google Translator too ! :D Good day mate !'
"4", 'reading on my new Kindle"4"!'
"4", 'My Kindle"4" came and I LOVE it! :'
"4", 'LOVING my new Kindle"4".  Named her Kendra in case u were wondering. The "cookbook" is THE tool cuz it tells u all the tricks!  Best gift EVR!'
"0", 'The real AIG scandal / http://bit.ly/b8"4"Px'
"4", 'Any twitter to aprs apps yet?'
"4", '"4"5 Pros You Should Be Following on Twitter - http://is.gd/sMbZ'
"4", 'Obama is quite a good comedian! check out his dinner speech on CNN : very funny jokes.'
"4", '\' Barack Obama shows his funny side " &gt;&gt; http://tr.im/l"0"Y !! Great speech..'
"4", 'I like this guy : \' Barack Obama shows his funny side " &gt;&gt; http://tr.im/l"Y !!'
"4", "Obama's speech was pretty awesome last night! http://bit.ly/IMXUM"
"4", 'Reading  "Bill Clinton Fail - Obama Win?" http://tinyurl.com/pcyxj7'
"4", "Obama More Popular Than U.S. Among Arabs: Survey: President Barack Obama's popularity in leading Arab countries .. http://tinyurl.com/prlvqu"
"4", "Obama's got JOKES!! haha just got to watch a bit of his after dinner speech from last night... i'm in love with mr. president ;"
"0", 'LEbron james got in a car accident i guess..just heard it on evening news...wow i cant believe it..will he be ok ? http://twtad.com/6975"0
"4", 'is it me or is this the best the playoffs have been in years oh yea lebron and melo in the finals'
"4", '@khalid"0"4"56 No Lebron is the best'
"4", '@the_real_usher LeBron is cool.  I like his personality...he has good character.'
"4", 'Watching Lebron highlights. Damn that niggas good'
"4", '@Lou911 Lebron is MURDERING shit.'
"4", "@uscsports"4"1 LeBron is a monsta and he is only "4""4". SMH The world ain't ready."
"4", "@cthagod when Lebron is done in the NBA he will probably be greater than Kobe. Like u said Kobe is good but there alot of 'good' players."
"4", 'KOBE IS GOOD BT LEBRON HAS MY VOTE'
"0", 'Kobe is the best in the world not lebron .'
"4", "@asherroth World Cup "Access?? Damn that's a good look!"
"4", 'Just bought my tickets for the "4""0"FIFA World Cup in South Africa. Its going to be a great summer. http://bit.ly/9GEZI'
"4", "Share: Disruption...Fred Wilson's slides for his talk at Google HQ  http://bit.ly/Bo8PG"
"0", 'I have to go to Booz Allen Hamilton for a "4"hr meeting :  But then i get to go home :'
"4", 'The great Indian tamasha truly will unfold from May 16 the result day for Indian General Election.'
"4", "@crlane I have the Kindle"4". I've seen pictures of the DX but haven't seen it in person. I love my Kindle - I'm on it everyday."
"4", '@criticalpath Such an awesome idea - the  continual learning program with a Kindle"4"  http://bit.ly/1ZLfF'
"4", 'ok.. do nothing.. just thinking about '
"4", '@faithbabywear Ooooh what model are you getting??? I have the  and LOVE LOVE LOVE LOVE it!'
"4", "The Times of India: The wonder that is India's election. http://bit.ly/p7u1H"
"4", 'http://is.gd/ArUJ Good video from Google on using search options.'
"0", '@ambcharlesfield lol. Ah my skin is itchy : damn lawnmowing.'
"0", 'itchy back!! dont ya hate it!'
"4", 'Stanford Charity Fashion Show a top draw http://cli.gs/NeNuAH'
"4", 'Stanford University?s Facebook Profile is One of the Most Popular Official University Pages - http://tinyurl.com/p5b3fl'
"4", 'Lyx is cool.'
"4", 'SOOO DISSAPOiNTED THEY SENT DANNY GOKEY HOME... YOU STiLL ROCK ...DANNY ... MY HOMETOWN HERO !! YEAH MiLROCKEE!!'
"4", "RT @PassionModel 'American Idol' fashion: Adam Lambert tones down Danny Gokey cute ... http://cli.gs/7JWSHV"
"4", '@dannygokey I love you DANNY GOKEY!! :'
"4", 'RT @justindavey: RT @tweetmeme GM OnStar now instantly sends accident location coordinates to 911 | GPS Obsessed http://bit.ly/16szL1'
"0", "so tired. i didn't sleep well at all last night."
"0", 'Boarding plane for San Francisco in 1 hour; 6 hr flight. Blech.'
"0", 'bonjour San Francisco. My back hurts from last night..'
"4", 'breakers. in San Francisco CA http://loopt.us/"4"v88Bw.t'
"4", 'Heading to San Francisco'
"4", 'With my best girl for a few more hours in San francisco. Mm family is wonderful!'
"0", 'F*** up big or go home - AIG'
"4", 'Went to see the Star Trek movie last night.  Very satisfying.'
"4", "I can't wait going to see star trek tonight!!"
"4", 'Star Trek was as good as everyone said!!'
"4", 'am loving new malcolm gladwell book - outliers'
"4", "I highly recommend Malcolm Gladwell's 'The Tipping Point.' My next audiobook will probably be one of his as well."
"0", "Malcolm Gladwell is a genius at tricking people into not realizing he's a fucking idiot"
"0", '@sportsguy33 hey no offense but malcolm gladwell is a pretenious annoying cunt and he brings you down. cant read his shit'
"4", 'RT @clashmore: http://bit.ly/SOYv7  Great article by Malcolm Gladwell.'
"4", 'I seriously underestimated Malcolm Gladwell.  I want to meet this dude.'
"0", 'i hate comcast right now. everything is down cable internet &amp; phone....ughh what am i to do'
"0", 'Comcast sucks.'
"0", 'The day I never have to deal with Comcast again will rank as one of the best days of my life.'
"0", 'did comcast fail again??'
"4", 'How do you use the twitter API?... http://bit.ly/"4"VBhH'
"0", 'curses the Twitter API limit'
"0", 'Now I can see why Dave Winer screams about lack of Twitter API its limitations and access throttles!'
"4", 'testing Twitter API'
"0", 'Arg. Twitter API is making me crazy.'
"4", 'Testing Twitter API. Remote Update'
"4", "I'm really loving the new search site Wolfram/Alpha. Makes Google seem so ... quaint. http://www7"4".wolframalpha.com/"
"0", '#wolfram Alpha SUCKS! Even for researchers the information provided is less than you can get from #google or #wikipedia totally useless!'
"4", 'Off to the NIKE factory!!!'
"4", 'New nike muppet commercials are pretty cute. Why do we live together again?'
"4", 'New blog post: Nike Zoom LeBron Soldier 3 III - White / Black - Teal http://bit.ly/rouUS'
"4", 'New blog post: Nike Trainer 1 http://bit.ly/39"4"bp'
"0", "@Fraggle31"4" oh those are awesome! i so wish they weren't owned by nike :"
"4", "@tonyhawk http://twitpic.com/5c7uj - AWESOME!!! Seeing the show Friday at the Shoreline Amphitheatre. Never seen NIN before. Can't wait. ..."
"0", 'arhh It\'s weka bug. = =" and I spent almost two hours to find that out. crappy me'
"4", "@mitzs hey bud : np I do so love my 5"0 although I'd love a 5D mkII more"
"4", '@jonduenas @robynlyn just got us a 5"0" for the office. :D'
"4", "Just picked up my new Canon 5"0"...it's beautiful!!  Prepare for some seriously awesome photography!"
"4", 'Just got my new toy. Canon 5"0". Love love love it!'
"4", 'Learning about lambda calculus :'
"4", '#jobs #sittercity Help with taking care of sick child East Palo Alto CA http://tinyurl.com/qwrr"4"m'
"4", "I'm moving to East Palo Alto!"
"4", '@ atebits I just finished watching your Stanford iPhone Class session. I really appreciate it. You Rock!'
"4", '@jktweet Hi! Just saw your Stanford talk and really liked your advice. Just saying Hi from Singapore yes the videos do get around'
"4", '#MBA Admissions Tips Stanford GSB Deadlines and Essay Topics http://tinyurl.com/pet"4"fd'
"4", 'Ethics and nonprofits - http://bit.ly/qsXRp  #stanford #socialentrepreneurship'
"4", "LAKERS tonight let's go!!!!"
"4", 'Will the Lakers kick the Nuggets ass tonight?'
"0", 'Oooooooh... North Korea is in troubleeeee! http://bit.ly/19epAH'
"0", 'Wat the heck is North Korea doing!!??!! They just conducted powerful nuclear tests! Follow the link: http://www.msnbc.msn.com/id/3"04"1379'
"0", 'Listening to Obama... Friggin North Korea...'
"0", 'I just realized we three monkeys in the white Obama.BidenPelosi . Sarah Palin 4"'
"0", '@foxnews Pelosi should stay in China and never come back.'
"0", "Nancy Pelosi gave the worst commencement speech I've ever heard. Yes I'm still bitter about this"
"0", 'ugh. the amount of times these stupid insects have bitten me. Grr..'
"4", 'Prettiest insects EVER - Pink Katydids: http://bit.ly/"4"Upw"4"p'
"0", 'Just got barraged by a horde of insects hungry for my kitchen light. So scary.'
"4", 'Just had McDonalds for dinner. :D It was goooood. Big Mac Meal. ;'
"4", 'AHH YES LOL IMA TELL MY HUBBY TO GO GET ME SUM MCDONALDS =]'
"4", 'Stopped to have lunch at McDonalds. Chicken Nuggets! : yummy.'
"4", 'Could go for a lot of McDonalds. i mean A LOT.'
"4", 'my exam went good. @HelloLeonie: your prayers worked :'
"4", 'Only one exam left and i am so happy for it :D'
"0", 'Math review. Im going to fail the exam.'
"0", 'Colin Powell rocked yesterday on CBS. Cheney needs to shut the hell up and go home.Powell is a man of Honor and served our country proudly'
"0", 'obviously not siding with Cheney here: http://bit.ly/19j"4"d'
"4", 'Absolutely hilarious!!! from @mashable:  http://bit.ly/bccWt'
"4", '@mashable I never did thank you for including me in your Top 1"0"Twitter Authors! You Rock! &amp; I New Wave :-D http://bit.ly/EOrFV'
"4", 'Learning jQuery 1.3 Book Review - http://cfbloggers.org/?c=3"04"9'
"4", 'RT @shrop: Awesome JQuery reference book for Coda! http://www.macpeeps.com/coda/ #webdesign'
"4", "I've been sending e-mails like crazy today to my contacts...does anyone have a contact at Goodby SIlverstein...I'd love to speak to them"
"4", 'Adobe CS"4" commercial by Goodby Silverstein: http://bit.ly/1aikhF'
"4", "Goodby Silverstein's new site... http://www.goodbysilverstein.com/ I enjoy it."
"4", "Wow everyone at the Google I/O conference got free G"4"'s with a month of unlimited service"
"4", '@vkerkez dood I got a free google android phone at the I/O conference. The G"4"!'
"4", '@Orli the G"4" is amazing btw a HUGE improvement over the G1'
"4", "HTML 5 Demos! Lots of great stuff to come! Yes I'm excited. : http://htmlfive.appspot.com #io"4""0" #googleio"
"4", '@googleio http://twitpic.com/6"4"shi - Yay! Happy place! Place place!  I love Google!'
"4", '#GoogleIO | O3D - Bringing 3d graphics to the browser. Very nice tbh. Funfun.'
"4", 'Awesome viral marketing for "Funny People" http://www.nbc.com/yo-teach/'
"4", 'Watching a programme about the life of Hitler its only enhancing my geekiness of history.'
"0", 'saw night at the museum out of sheer desperation. who is funding these movies?'
"4", 'Night At The Museum "4"? Pretty furkin good.'
"4", 'Watching Night at the Museum - giggling.'
"4", '@pambeeslyjenna Jenna I went to see Night At The Museum "4" today and I was so surprised to see three cast members from The Office...'
"4", 'About to watch Night at the Museum with Ryan and Stacy'
"4", 'Getting ready to go watch Night at the Museum "4".  Dum dum you give me gum gum!'
"0", "Back from seeing 'Star Trek' and 'Night at the Museum.' 'Star Trek' was amazing but 'Night at the Museum' was; eh."
"4", 'just watched night at the museum "4"! so stinkin cute!'
"4", "So Night at the Museum "4" was AWESOME! Much better than part 1. Next weekend we'll see Up."
"4", 'I think I may have a new favorite restaurant. On our way to see "Night at the Museum "4"".'
"4", "UP! was sold out so i'm seeing Night At The Museum "4". I'm __ years old."
"4", 'saw the new Night at the Museum and i loved it. Next is to go see UP in 3D'
"0", 'It is a shame about GM. What if they are forced to make only cars the White House THINKS will sell? What do you think?'
"0", 'As u may have noticed not too happy about the GM situation nor AIG Lehman et al'
"4", 'Obama: Nationalization of GM to be short-term   AP http://tinyurl.com/md3"4"7r'
"0", '@Pittstock $GM good riddance.  sad though.'
"0", 'I Will NEVER Buy a Government Motors Vehicle: Until just recently I drove GM cars. Since 1988 when I bought a .. http://tinyurl.com/lulsw8'
"0", 'Having the old Coca-Cola guy on the GM board is stupid has heck! #tcot #ala'
"0", '#RantsAndRaves The worst thing about GM concord / pleasant hill / martinez: is the fucking UAW. ..   http://buzzup.com/"4"ueb'
"0", 'Give a man a fish u feed him for the day. Teach him to fish u feed him for life. Buy him GM and u F**K him over for good.'
"0", 'The more I hear about this GM thing the more angry I get. Billions wasted more bullshit. All for something like "4""0" employees and all the..'
"0", '@QuantTrader i own a GM car and it is junk as far as quality compared to a honda'
"0", 'sad day...bankrupt GM'
"0", 'is upset about the whole GM thing. life as i know it is so screwed up'
"0", 'whoever is running time warner needs to be repeatedly raped by a rhino so they understand the consequences of putting out shitty cable svcs'
"4", 'Time Warner CEO hints at online fees for magazines      AP - Read from Mountain ViewUnited States. Views 16"4""0" http://bit.ly/UdFCH'
"0", '#WFTB Joining a bit late. My connection was down boo time warner'
"0", 'Cox or Time Warner?  Cox is cheaper and gets a B on dslreports.  TW is more expensive and gets a C.'
"0", 'i am furious with time warner and their phone promotions!'
"0", 'Just got home from chick-fil-a with the boys. Damn my internets down = stupid time warner'
"0", 'could time-warner cable suck more?  NO.'
"0", 'Pissed at Time Warner for causin me to have slow internet problems'
"0", '@sportsguy33 Umm having some Time Warner problems?'
"0", 'You guys see this?  Why does Time Warner have to suck so much ass?  Really wish I could get U-Verse at my apartment. http://bit.ly/s59"4"j'
"0", "RT @sportsguy33 The upside to Time Warner: unhelpful phone operators   superslow on-site service. Crap that's not an upside."
"0", 'RT @sportsguy33: New Time Warner slogan: "Time Warner where we make you long for the days before cable."'
"0", "confirmed: it's Time Warner's fault not Facebook's that fb is taking about 3 minutes to load. so tempted to switch to verizon =/"
"0", '@sportsguy33 Time Warner = epic fail'
"4", 'Lawson to head Newedge Hong Kong http://bit.ly/xLQSD #business #china'
"4", 'Weird Piano Guitar House in China! http://u"4"s.me/7"4"i8'
"4", 'Send us your GM/Chevy photos http://tinyurl.com/luzkpq'
"0", "I know. How sad is that?  RT @caseymercier: 1st day of hurricane season. That's less scarey than govt taking over GM."
"0", 'GM files Bankruptcy not a good sign...'
"4", 'yankees won mets lost. its a good day.'
"4", 'My dentist appt today was actually quite enjoyable.'
"0", 'I hate the effing dentist.'
"4", '@stevemoakler i had a dentist appt this morning and had the same conversation!'
"0", '@kirstiealley I hate going to the dentist.. !!!'
"0", 'i hate the dentist....who invented them anyways?'
"0", "this dentist's office is cold :/"
"4", 'Check this video out -- David After Dentist http://bit.ly/"4"7aW"4"'
"4", 'First dentist appointment [in years] on Wednesday possibly.'
"4", "Tom Shanahan's latest column on SDSU and its NCa Baseball Regional appearance: http://ow.ly/axhu"
"4", 'BaseballAmerica.com: Blog: Baseball America Prospects Blog ? Blog ... http://bit.ly/EtT8a'
"4", 'Portland city politics may undo baseball park http://tinyurl.com/lpjquj'
"4", "RT @WaterSISWEB: CA Merced's water bottled by Safeway resold at a profit: Wells are drying up across the county http://tinyurl.com/mb573s"
"4", 'dropped her broccoli walking home from safeway! ; so depressed'
"4", "@ronjon we don't have Safeway."
"4", 'Just applied at Safeway!: Yeeeee!'
"0", '@ Safeway. Place is a nightmare right now. Bumming.'
"4", 'at safeway with dad'
"0", 'HATE safeway select green tea icecream! bought two cartons what a waste of money.  &gt;_&lt;'
"4", 'Safeway with Marvin Janelle and Auntie Lhu'
"4", 'Safeway offering mobile coupons http://bit.ly/ONH7w'
"4", 'Phillies Driving in the Cadillac with the Top Down in Cali Win 5-3 - http://tinyurl.com/nzcjqa'
"4", 'Saved money by opting for grocery store trip and stocking food in hotel room fridge vs. eating out every night while out of town.'
"4", 'Lounging around eating Taco Bell and watching NCIS before work tonight. Need help staying awake.'
"4", 'eating breakfast and then school'
"4", 'still hungry after eating....'
"4", '1"0"tips for healthy eating ? ResultsBy Fitness Blog :: Fitness ... http://bit.ly/6"4"gFn'
"4", 'with the boyfriend eating a quesadilla'
"4", 'Eating dinner. Meat chips and risotto.'
"4", 'got a new pair of nike shoes. pics up later'
"4", 'Nike SB Blazer High "ACG" Custom - Brad Douglas - http://timesurl.at/45a448'
"4", "Nike rocks. I'm super grateful for what I've done with them : &amp; the European Division of NIKE is BEYOND! @whitSTYLES @muchasmuertes"
"4", 'Nike Air Yeezy Khaki/Pink Colorway Release - http://shar.es/bjfN'
"4", '@evelynbyrne have you tried Nike  ? V. addictive.'
"4", "@erickoston That looks an awful lot like one of Nike's private jets....I'm just sayin...."
"4", 'The Nike Training Club beta iPhone app looks very interesting.'
"0", "arggh why won't  my jquery appear in safari bad safari !!!"
"4", 'DevSnippets : jQuery Tools - Javascript UI Components for the Web... http://inblogs.org/go/hfuqt'
"4", 'all about Ajaxjquery css JavaScript and more... many examples http://ajaxian.com/'
"4", "I'm ready to drop the pretenses I am forever in love with jQuery and I want to marry it. Sorry ladies this nerd is jquery.spokenFor.js"
"4", 'This is cold.. I was looking at google\'s chart//visualization API and found this jQuery "wrapper" for the API...  http://tinyurl.com/mq5"4"bq'
"4", 'I spent most of my day reading a jQuery book. Now to start drinking some delirium tremens.'
"4", 'jquery Selectors http://codylindley.com/jqueryselectors/'
"4", 'How to implement a news ticker with jQuery and ten lines of code http://bit.ly/CZnFJ'
"4", "What's Buffet Doing? Warren Buffett Kicks Butt In Battle of the Boots: Posted By:Alex Crippe.. http://bit.ly/AUIzO"
"4", 'SUPER INVESTORS: A great weekend read here from Warren Buffet. Oldie but a goodie. http://tinyurl.com/oqxgga'
"4", "I'm truly braindead.  I couldn't come up with Warren Buffet's name to save my soul"
"4", "reading Michael Palin book The Python Years...great book. I also recommend Warren Buffet &amp; Nelson Mandela's bio"
"4", "I mean I'm down with Notre Dame if I have to.  It's a good school I'd be closer to Dan I'd enjoy it."
"0", "I can't watch TV without a Tivo.  And after all these years the Time/Warner DVR  STILL sucks. http://www.davehitt.com/march"0"/twdvr.html"
"4", "I'd say some sports writers are idiots for saying Roger Federer is one of the best ever in Tennis.  Roger Federer is THE best ever in Tennis"
"0", 'I still love my Kindle"4" but reading The New York Times on it does not feel natural. I miss the Bloomingdale ads.'
"4", 'I love my Kindle"4". No more stacks of books to trip over on the way to the loo.'
"0", "Although today's keynote rocked for every great announcement AT&amp;T shit on us just a little bit more."
"0", "@sheridanmarfil - its not so much my obsession with cell phones but the iphone!  i'm a slave to at&amp;t forever because of it. :"
"4", '@freitasm oh I see. I thought AT&amp;T were 900MHz WCDMA?'
"4", '@Plip Where did you read about tethering support Phil?  Just AT&amp;T or will O"4" be joining in?'
"0", 'Fuzzball is more fun than AT&amp;T ;P http://fuzz-ball.com/twitter'
"0", 'Today is a good day to dislike AT&amp;T. Vote out of office indeed @danielpunkass'
"4", "GOT MY WAVE SANDBOX INVITE! Extra excited! Too bad I have class now... but I'll play with it soon enough!"
"0", 'looks like summize has gone down. too many tweets from WWDC perhaps?'
"4", 'I hope the girl at work  buys my '
"4", "Missed this insight-filled May column: One smart guy looking closely at why he's impressed with Kindle"4" http://bit.ly/i"0"eY @wroush"
"4", '@sklososky Thanks so much!!! ...from one of your *very* happy  winners ;  I was so surprised fabulous. Thank you! Best Kathleen'
"0", 'Man I kinda dislike Apple right now. Case in point: the iPhone 3GS. Wish there was a video recorder app. Please?? http://bit.ly/DZm1T'
"4", '@cwong"0" I have a  &amp; Sony PRS-5"0" Like it! Physical device feels good. Font is nice. Pg turns are snappy enuf. UI a little klunky.'
"4", 'S seems the best eReader but will it work in the UK and where can I get one?'
"4", 'I have a google addiction. Thank you for pointing that out @annamartin1"4"3. Hahaha.'
"4", '@ruby_gem My primary debit card is Visa Electron.'
"4", 'Off to the bank to get my new visa platinum card'
"0", "dearest @google you rich bastards! the VISA card you sent me doesn't work. why screw a little guy like me?"
"4", 'has a date with bobby flay and gut fieri from food network'
"4", 'Excited about seeing Bobby Flay and Guy Fieri tomorrow at the Great American Food &amp; Music Fest!'
"4", 'Gonna go see Bobby Flay "4"moro at Shoreline. Eat and drink. Gonna be good.'
"4", "can't wait for the great american food and music festival at shoreline tomorrow.  mm...katz pastrami and bobby flay. yes please."
"4", 'My dad was in NY for a day we ate at MESA grill last night and met Bobby Flay. So much fun except I completely lost my voice today.'
"0", 'Fighting with LaTex. Again...'
"0", "@Iheartseverus we love you too and don't want you to die!!!!!!  Latex = the devil"
"0", "7 hours. 7 hours of inkscape crashing normally solid as a rock. 7 hours of LaTeX complaining at the slightest thing. I can't take any more."
"0", Trouble in Iran I see. Hmm. Iran. Iran so far away.
"0", a3trf an bts kano choy choy yjybo rasy lkn alyom balzayd
"0", aldodo jayh tkml 3ly
"0", ahbbth hta aqn3na an ma fat mn al3mr kan antdar lh
"0", jals adakr
"0", yalyll tra aklj ktyr mchy
"0", lyh mhd ysoy m3y kda
"0", . . . . ant ymkn aly nasy ahdat albsrt qbl chhor ao mtghafl 3nha nqtloa mtdahryn bdm bard mno qtlhm
"0", allh y3yn bs
"0", atfrj 3la ada2athm ams tqryba klhm qrboa mn alfanz ala boby mn b3yd yasr mdry lyh
"0", mch oqth khals alt3b dh
"0", 3rfna anh alflos tghyr alnfos ama ttghyr oant mfls la hydy qlt adb
"0", rbna yrzqg bbn alhlal
"0", mqbolh mnk
"0", alsfyr alamryky kchf almstkhby
"0", allh yslmk
"0", bnchkr allh ano alqlb 3dlt mo 3dm .. bdl alt3dyl arhm mn alxr
"0", o 3ndma tsalny 3n ahbab hda alzman .. fajybk : 3abr ora2 3abr  o la ahd ydom..
"0", 3 alaql almay may3or ktr alnar
"0", oally mstlm
"0", mn ykhaf flys mna.. tsbhon 3la khyr #alnsr_alathad
"0", l3b fyna alb3od
"0", aftkrt fyh nas ysonha tl3t ohydh
"0", l3b fyna alb3od
"0", sktchaty alqdymh
"0", hdy almchklhh :(
"0", o llasf anh yrkd mob bs ymchy
"0", kyf soyty kda y astorh
"0", alabtsamh nfsha ma ttghyr
"0", lyh fy nas tkdb o t3tyk aml zayf
"0", bnchkr allh ano alqlb 3dlt mo 3dm .. bdl alt3dyl arhm mn alxr
"0", 3ndma nchtaq lmn fqdnahm  tghyb ldt kl chy balhyat abda lys shla ma ysma balhnyn ..
"0", bsm allh
"0", nfs tfkyry khsosa bojod hmto jnbh
"0", f3la jyl aol mrtahyn nfsya mo mtl allhyn kl oahd mnfs
"0", aloahd ahyana yt3b mn jmal abtsamt chkhsh almfdl
"0", y allh kyf aloahd ydakr bda alaz3j
"0", hdh hqyqt alkhayn aly ba3 bladh lajl tmryr ajndt alchkhsyt #fsad_ahmd_alfhd
"0", tkhtbt alchok ola tchak
"0", mhaolt qoyh jda lkn la mahy hy .. haol ana sraht bdyt akhaf 3la aljayzt
"0", matstkhdmch m3aya altlmyhat abda  abhrny bjraytk 3chan mabhrkch bghbayy
"0", myn srq afkary ?! kant l3bty m3ak oana balmtost
"0", achtqt l soalf ordt qlby bs abyha t3lm mn akhtaha
"0", nntdr #akhdod_alfyd
"0", ana mch khayftqoy qlbk
"0", molm jda .. an thadt mn thb mhtaja lahtmamh .. fttfaja bahtmamh bghyrk
"0", tb3a la ho ay hbd o fty o khlas?? kl oahd ykhlyh f bldh ahsn
"0", ch3or moj3 3ndma yklmk mljak alaol okank khyarh alakhyr
"0", la thryat alhb
"0", amtrt ballyl oana naymh?
"0", bnchkr allh ano alqlb 3dlt mo 3dm .. bdl alt3dyl arhm mn alxr
"0", arajoz bdhk kl khlq allh bbky b3yd 3n 3yn shaby 3chan mlqach f 3ynhm chfqt 3 haly #amyrt_albyla
"0", hta alhyoanat lha qlob othb #sbah_alkhmys
"0", anty llhyn tsyhyn ? khlas ya baba mafy chy ystahl :( dmo3k ghalyt
"0", la hol ola qot ala ballh astghfr allh
"0", qd abdo lk anny asbht la ahtm lkny aqsm lk anny lm akn ahtm mnd albdayt
"0", j3lkm matsdqon
"0", la aolah ma atfqna kda
"0", amy ahtaj ala an akhtby fy rhmk tanyt fqsaot alayam arhqt kahlyokhdlan ahdhm ach3l alras chyba)):
"0", albnakhy qal klmth
"0", oathda nfsy b3d
"0", qlby lboh mn qlb
"0", yarb bhalmtr matkhlyny 3la qyd dyk alamnyh :(
"0", jytk ofy sdry mn alb3d dyqh oaqfyt akhaoy dyqty mtl majyt :(
"0", hnam amty ya dmaghy
"0", tbony ao anam
"0", by3jbk alsyf ozhqt
"0", hmda llh .. alqyadt kma hy oala3dad fy tzayd .. ahrso tortkm .. fnhn nqtl3 fy chjrt jzorha ma zat mojodt .. #a3tsam_alqyadh_al3amh
"0", hrfya ymtlny
"0", ajml mn kdda machft :(
"0", snkhrj m3a ao nmot m3a
"0", ghltt mrt oqlt
"0", fy ost alakhtbarat
"0", yarb oallh mghbonh 3lyha
"0", allh ysm3 mnk
"0", alban kyk bta3a ola bta3 laboar
"0", onsmy kda onfot basbo3 klo amthanat
"0", allh yrzqna
"0", mo m3qol altotr hda  allh y3dy allylt 3la khyr
"0", alkonsrt ahla mn hyaty
"0", oya ktrhm fy akhr ftrh
"0", q3dny mn alnom
"0", ya satr lyh tyb
"0", aloahd khayf 3ly altorh dy chdyd ya rb tkml zy ma nhn 3ayzyn
"0", abgha bnt
"0", #alfyfa_yrd_ahtjaj_alhlal_shyh hta alfyfa dd alahly
"0", ahb gl ma fyg .. ala ghyabg
"0", "tlatyn snt btrqs .. allylt rqstna" ana bbky dy hlaot chdydt bakh
"0", ya rb hon bqy
"0", ada2 oahd ob3dhaon da nayn ..totr
"0", ay oallh
"0", makdb oallh
"0", ma dh lya anty bqy htakly ayh
"0", trah ma kl yom oyknd
"0", yalytny mn byn alhdor ah
"0", alsrtan y3rf tryq kl mn ho jmyl anchallh htrj3 ahsn mn alaol rbna ychfyk
"0", #amtar_alchrqyh allhm kma aghtt alard asqy qlby frht tzyl bha alhmom oalahzan obchrny bma ysrny yarb
"0", allh ychfyh oyqomh bslamh oykhff 3nhm aloj3 oychfy akhty ya rb oyhon 3lyha oychfy kl mrda alsrtan oykhff 3lyhm
"0", almzaj khrb.
"0", allhm amyyn
"0", ya allh
"0", "tlatyn snt btrqs .. allylt rqstna" ana bbky dy hlaot chdydt bakh
"0", nzoj lych manzoj
"0", #och_t3lmt_mn_aldnya2 an sahb alhachtaq blyd fy alamla2 !!
"0", ma fd yom bjyt oahd kly any hna la tbjyn alsoal ho lych tbjyn katlhm alfdol
"0", ryysyn fy yomyn qalo alrby3 al3rby nhna alktahh alafryqyt
"0", alod3 alan . . #amtar_qtr #sot_almtr
"0", bq3d khms dqayq aqlb almfatyh fa ayda o anor balmobayl lhd ma ajyb almftah alsh .. oaol ma aosl llbab .. tqom almfatyh tq3 mna
"0", sbah alkhyr.. chno halxl o al tfch o aljo 3 tfchanh
"0", ana b3d jdy atnrfzz hyll .
"0", yom otaklyn rz
"0", aghnyh mkmlnach #tamr_3achor #bsoty
"0", "ant hta als3odyh khsarh 3lyk"
"0", yarb jyotk b3d
"0", makhsrtk abda b chchno htajk mtla '?
"0", mdry lyh a3jbny
"0", qal jay b3d qlyl ..
"0", lych tdkrt fdyohat qbl altrsym
"0", hbyby anty hdh oahchtny almrt alyayh masamhj ada mayyty
"0", la rayh alaol hlo
"0", aghnyh mkmlnach #tamr_3achor #bsoty
"0", ofy kl mrt qrrt bha an akrhk ch3rt bany ahbk aktr
"0", soyt lk laykat rdyha lahnty
"0", hdh hy alhyat moaqf tsdmg moaqf tbkyg moaqf bhajt ltjahlha otbqa hnag .. moaqf la tnsa..
"0", hlmt an alathad faz 3la alnsr -
"0", ma ahd yfhm kda
"0", oallh abtal lyt alch3b al3raqy ysoy mtlkm
"0", cho 3rfk anty normlamo tfhmy khsart 3lyk bs
"0", aso2 abtla2 abtla2 altfkyr ank tkon chkhs mdmn tfasyl thll alklam tsal nfsk f kl moqf alf soal 3qlk mrhq oant tzyd baltfkyr .
"0", arfqo bqlby ya jma3h o la 3ad tsoron almtr :(
"0", ola tmyl qlobna ..!! ala lmn ys3b 3lyna amtlakh
"0", #rsalh_lmn_fqdth samhny ya aby o3dtk ala abky fbkyt
"0", lahol ola qot ala ballh al3ly al3dym
"0", tyb ad3yly
"0", mkhy qbl la anam
"0", la oallh baqy ha t3zmna
"0", yarbyh kyf ysa3donh bdon trdd okhof allh yrzqhm s3adh aldaryn oyskhr lhm 3badh altybyn yarb
"0", l3b fyna alb3od
"0", ahla ch3or troh mkan mat3rf ahd fyh  bs tt3rf 3la ahd fyh yhly halmkan .. yahbyby halojh :( - r
"0", lo smhto aza mmkn ma fyha ghlbt y3ny snsnal fdt flstyn
"0", #qdha__ya__ahly allhm rymontada bkrh
"0", qsm ballh lo mafy toytr rah akon ah
"0", qbl alnom adkrk 3la alhlm yjm3 ma frqth alayam :( !
"0", oallh knt bchk f nfsy alhmdllh tl3t mch lohdy
"0", mtakd la la la la msthyl
"0", z3ym #da3ch fy #alymn ysl ala syyon #hrm_alsfyr
"0", kl alayam 3adyh ala hdak alyom :(
"0", atmna m yzojon mn bra al3aylh rah ykhrb alnsl hqhm hm abda3hm byn b3d
"0", y3mry kyf kbrna
"0", ofat tlo alofat .. #allhm an knt ana alqadmt fahsn khatmty oskhr ly mn yd3o ly don mll ..
"0", ana madhkny ala alrjal mo 3arf oyn allh hath
"0", ryysyn fy yomyn qalo alrby3 al3rby nhna alktahh alafryqyt
"0", aof lych al3nsryt dy klhm 3yal chhor
"0", aldnya ghrqt amtar o brd kl hda oana naymh
"0", ahtaj alolyd bn tlal yla3bny zy bnth aghdyh y3tyny flos #och_t3lmt_mn_aldnya2
"0", majytk yatoytr. oana halty 3al majytk alaoana fyh alfyn 3lh
"0", antdrk olazlt mtmsk fyk oghyry llasf fyk yqhrny
"0", sahyt mn alnom oalchyatyn rakbytny
"0", ma rddoa ymh  ybh dmn alasoat lan asamyhm ytym oytymt lkn .. ! klyb | mn llytama
"0", omadrak maby
"0", ana mnbhrh balchkhs ally hbyth kl mrh achofha ahs any aol mrh achofha f3la mbhrh mdhlh tmlayk balasylh :(
"0", mhd yhb adhm nablsy ktry :(
"0", f3la nakrat m3rof tchtghl sa3h bs otchrdd !!
"0", my to achofh oana mn dakhly mqhorh
"0", ham: ana zy tyna baldbt
"0", ahbk bkl ma aotyt mn mrd #sot_alhq_lld3m #krob_alzhor_lld3m #alnrjs_lld3m #amyrh_almosm #3raq_alkhyr
"0", namjon da3s 3lyna maxrna rqmh
"0", yarb amtr 3la qlobna rda ofrha ynsyha kl mahznha #sa3h_astjabh
"0", tab3hm mmrh hloyn
"0", astna matqflch alhfrt adfnoha jnbhm 3 altoyt alla katbaha dy
"0", nfsy alaqy toytr bta3ha t3bt mn ktyr ma bdor 3lyha mmkn chyrr 3sa yjm3 alqlob otthd
"0", ayyh yalbat oallh any hzyn okhatry mxor
"0", akhyra ahdd hss
"0", ma ahb al3laqat alrsmyh lany sraht ma a3rf arsm
"0", qoanyn alghaz
"0", ghryb aldar
"0", mojb zayr aln3yryh oydor salb jad jad hta lo anh kbyr ahm chy jad t3al alkhas asr3 chy #salb
"0", allhm chtt chmlhm
"0", oallh ohdy machft chy ams tol allyl al3b b3dyn nmt oto qaymh adakr ma 3ndy khbr baldnya
"0", nfs alod3
"0", tra ma akrhha bs sdq ydhk
"0", "tlatyn snt btrqs .. allylt rqstna" ana bbky dy hlaot chdydt bakh
"0", ns mchakly bsbb nbrt soty ana anaqch ohm yhsbony a3ln alhrb  myn mtly
"0", 3ndma ttkhylk farsha ottkhylha al3obh tdhk 3lyha ohy tbky mn ajlk ant lat3rf m3na alhb hqa ant la tsthq albqa2 hta fy batn alard
"0", oallh alhlal qahrny bs yla mo mchklh nht alhrh fy alhdaya
"0", altxt mornynj alhqyqy ho algha2 alamthanat
"0", alb3d 3n allh
"0", takhr alahlam yj3lna nkrhha #ykhbrny_alsbah
"0", lych ma3zmtony
"0", ahtsy qhoty alsoda2 aly mtl qlby
"0", lys 3lmy bh anh bhdh alqsot lknh rd ly alsf3t bqot 3chrt ad3af ahla chhd alsghyrt .. ahla bk y abnty fy hda al3alm chdyd alqsot
"0", allh layakhdk matkhtar tsor alchachh ala osoty t3ban
"0", mo 3ndy
"0", ald3oh mkhamt ao chno atl3y ly 3nd almhol
"0", ya akhoana o allh lst mtalbna ma athqq mnha ghyr mtlb oahd .. 3lykm allh alnas ma ttkhadl
"0", snyn osnyn oana sabr orah asbr kman okman :(
"0", oqtha tony mtkhrj mn altanoy
"0", t3aly nbky soa
"0", chklha tarykhyt llnsr
"0", khda sbrton bdh
"0", allh yrzqna #3la_sot_almtr
"0", qt3 qlby
"0", khlas bqa bthssony baldnb aktr m ana
"0", la hol o la qot ala ballh 3lyk qhr rby ysbrhm an cha2 allh mo3rha
"0", sam3h syah kok stan
"0", alhyn sdq ahly yom yqolon ly anh alf bnt ttmnak .. oala tslyk
"0", "tlatyn snt btrqs .. allylt rqstna" ana bbky dy hlaot chdydt bakh
"0", adkrny ada anjrht oahmlok
"0", chklha kda almchklt any knt ortan omo fahm almsalt oqa3d ahos fyha
"0", naoy achtry
"0", bnchkr allh ano alqlb 3dlt mo 3dm .. bdl alt3dyl arhm mn alxr
"0", chklha joazh baydh mn albdayh yla khrboha oryhoa mlaykthm
"0", laq3dn 3la altryq oachtky
"0", "tlatyn snt btrqs .. allylt rqstna" ana bbky dy hlaot chdydt bakh
"0", antm qrbtm mn thqyq aldory ohna alhbot
"0", mchklt lma a3z akhoyak ytzoj tthol lansan fady
"0", blyz 3tony ryakchn alold ally ysyh oyqol 3ady 3ady
"0", ntrjmha lk yasnj baltrky oalfarsy bhkm an doltk mghtsbh mn alatrak oalfrs oantm mt3odyn 3ady
"0", 3la chno malt
"0", bkhsos alydyby mta tghyrynh
"0", lyst alghrbt fqt mghadrt alotn ! bl hy ayda mghadrt aotan sghyrt mn hyatna k qlob mn nhb !
"0", ada aktchft anh hbybtk btdkhn tsybha ao tkml m3aha ?!?!
"0", ch3or jmyl bs ma ychmlny
"0", allhm achfy #frh_alblochy othr jsdha oaskb 3lyha anhara mn alrahh .
"0", mlahd ktyr ? ymkn 3lchan tfkyrk kan hyk o ant qdna bs alahoal tghyrt ybo hbyybt
"0", 3lqony b almrasyl oabyat alqsyd oastbaho skt alb3d qdhm 3ayfyn
"0", ana bkrh aljam3t
"0", jlst achtghl 3lyh lyn alfjr f alnhayt nq3 allab orah kl alchghl
"0", tstahl khyty am roan allh yhfdha oyhfdj zynb olo mhd mtab3ny bykm hqkm ma 3rftony
"0", bmot matoq3t yrd 3ly
"0", lm ajd frsh llt3byr 3n mda hby lk fdhbt b3yda odhb qlby m3k
"0", m as3d alqlb babtsamt mn yhb om at3sh b3x dalk
"0", oallh hda asmh mo zoran hda yslh toran khlony akml hdaya bs
"0", a3tdt 3lyk oalt3od akbr mn alhb ahyana
"0", lqd knt hdr mn aljmy3 .. ma3dak .
"0", byn tfkyry obaly :(
"0", ya rb ola ttqlna bha f ant ohdk ally 3alm byha
"0", bnchkr allh ano alqlb 3dlt mo 3dm .. bdl alt3dyl arhm mn alxr
"0", ashr 3chan atryk asla
"0", chark oqol rayk bs tqol n3m ant fahm 3chan dh rayk
"0", shyh la ahd yjbr ahd 3la albqa2 m3h ao alrhyl .
"0", ya akhoana o allh lst mtalbna ma athqq mnha ghyr mtlb oahd .. 3lykm allh alnas ma ttkhadl
"0", oboy od lof oslt sb3yn mlyon rht sa3tyn okl hda sar
"0", y rb jdt kman
"0", a3an allh qloba ahbt bsdq  fnkhdlt
"0", dkhlna mlyon bakhr dqyqt
"0", lsth alnas ally hnhar bsbbha o htchlny btzyd kl yom o almodo3 bys3b oallh
"0", asr3 snh baltarykh
"0", bnat hta lo y3lq la ttkhadlo
"0", mchan hyk qss.. syart 3rsy 3la khyr rh ykon fyha krsyyn bs. oallh yhdy aljmy3..
"0", lattakhroa lo smht ahna jy3anyn
"0", anakhlt 3yony mn alabtdayy ala altanoy alhmdllh
"0", ma3ndy ghyrk
"0", hyny nzlth bs lst ma jrbt
"0", altchyky.. mrchh ayda.. bs allh ykfyna chrh.. khlona 3la rafchan tkfon #alnsr_alathad
"0", la la ma bghynaha kda 3la halajoa2 aljmylh
"0", ryysyn fy yomyn qalo alrby3 al3rby nhna alktahh alafryqyt
"0", ays krym mbaklch ays krym bqaly aktr mn arb3 snyn
"0", ayn alsbyl ala osalk dlny
"0", alnas tdmn aghany oana mdmn 3yon
"0", hna ychqonk qbl mayjy alzon altalt
"0", allhm amyn
"0", oallh alhlal qahrny bs yla mo mchklh nht alhrh fy alhdaya
"0", #almcha3r_hallylh_tqol "mazlt ana alaol..abd matghyrt dak alqdym btybty obsfaty"
"0", ystahlonh oqlyl bhqhm b3d
"0", lala da klam acha3at say.. adona albrahyn kan fy
"0", kman aql mn alqlqas la z3lt bjd
"0", allhm achfy #frh_alblochy othr jsdha oaskb 3lyha anhara mn alrahh .
"0", arjok mtmchych .. ana lma bchofk oabslk bhs baman .. arjok mch 3aozt alch3or dh ydy3 mny
"0", odad amora jatt da kl alhsl..
"0", ay ghltt knt bht hdy
"0", la tkhch t3nt al3do  fho la y3rf amakn ald3f fyk .. bl akhch t3nt alsdyq  fho aktr chkhs khbyr fyk !..
"0", l3b fyna alb3od
"0", asoa allhdat bhyaty
"0", "tlatyn snt btrqs .. allylt rqstna" ana bbky dy hlaot chdydt bakh
"0", 3b ma3ndy rsyd 3la almhmol
"0", #ntalb_bfth_mkbrat_almsajd hsbna allh oallh qlt adb malqyo ala oqt rmdan oaltraoyh kyf nhs brmdan oajoayh
"0", tqol alam : lm af3l chy2 soa anny akhdt mnh alhatf ky la yd3f bsrh oho alan yrfd alslh
"0", hyh 3rfth afa bs afa
"0", aqrfok 3la alsbh
"0", qryb jda y3ny mta thmst
"0", kmyh ltafh balfdyoo bsyh
"0", mahy khtoat alhsol 3la aljnsyt alsodanyt?
"0", yla nl3b
"0", bktblk hrfy omdmonh 3zaym mn alyom lakhr al3am lahnt oa3tbrha korh odrbt balqaym oakhr dqayq qbl ma anam lk ant
"0", rhl mnho yslyny osar alyom fy qbrh rhl 33ny ofarqny hzyn srt fy hsrh dkrth yom yhakyny oalbsmat mn tqrh .. #akhty
"0", "tlatyn snt btrqs .. allylt rqstna" ana bbky dy hlaot chdydt bakh
"0", antdrk olazlt mtmsk fyk oghyry llasf fyk yqhrny
"0", salh almtlk : saqabl allh bojh abyd olm asrq dynar oahd l3d mno srq amoal alnazhyn
"0", boom aok
"0", yakhy aq3d taly allyl alhaly mlyyt
"0", ob3dyn ?! 3la aol tyarh llryad okhlst alhflh
"0", mn asmha qloomy :(
"0", chofyh ahsn mn ynhrq 3lyk
"0", aldmam oalryad amtrt oahna baqy
"0", hh hh
"0", ma rddoa ymh  ybh dmn alasoat lan asamyhm ytym oytymt lkn .. ! klyb | mn llytama
"0", ohydkr altarykh any fdlt mblt fy alklyt lhd ma moalyd dkhlo 3lya okman fy moad bhdr fyha m3ahm .. ana moosta2a2
"0", achtqt lk :(
"0", la 3ady  an cha2 allh yarb
"0", yazyn alfhol lma thyj
"0", mrhom yally b3d motk takdt an alhyat ally bdonk khsart #almcha3r_hallylh_tqol
"0", btlna notq bhda
"0", y3ny bkrh achylh lan mr yom
"0", n3m anha kyybyh otjyb aldyq allh ychfyk oy3afyk
"0", atmna an la tkon hdh hy altchkylh
"0", km 3dym ant ayha #al3raq
"0", tla bod khb :(
"0", ma yhdry almhdry ala mn hr alskhont #tnhyqt o lyst tghrydt
"0", aktr mqt3 dhkny halftrt hh
"0", rozy alfahyh
"0", bs aba al
"0", alryakchn alohyd aly athms lh ho dyzy maybalgh oklamh yjnn oahb chkhsyth
"0", chftoa ya3yal .. ana bsoy nfsy machft altghrydt dy oantm sooa hflt tkhrj b3d alamtyaz mafyh man3
"0", ord oghyom omtr ? hda t3oyd 3n sbah ams alkyyb :(
"0", alhlqt altaltt obalchot altany bda altchoyq
"0", tndyr tndyyr tndyyr
"0", bnchkr allh ano alqlb 3dlt mo 3dm .. bdl alt3dyl arhm mn alxr
"0", hdh aldnya zaylt o ana alyh raj3on
"0", balm3lqh ao alchokh lo hdl3 y3ny
"0", msthyl alch3r yosf ay tfsylh fjmalk oalghna2 lo kan kfayh alf ghnoh aghnyha lk :(
"0", bay mkan da
"0", mafy sbah alkhyr alyom
"0", b3lmk m3na fraqy o dymh
"0", akyd la
"0", la mob
"0", lkl mtab3 alf !!
"0", ftrt ghyab a3tdr mn aljmy3 3ndy drof od3oatkm ys3dkm
"0", oallh astoryt
"0", sbah alsbt
"0", ala mta ? oana ahtry qlbk ylyn :( oalnas ! ttqdm oana arj3 ora !
"0", ntrqb allhdat
"0", hdh aldnya mbnyt 3la alt3b
"0", allh ysamhk ya dya2
"0", abchrkm fth
"0", "tlatyn snt btrqs .. allylt rqstna" ana bbky dy hlaot chdydt bakh
"0", - alb3d la yqtrb mnk lmoasatk .. bl lytmyn ank ttalm ..
"0", #mbadl_jdt almkan mtofr bqy almbadl aljad almrbrb ally mo mtofr bdat 3yony tqfl noom
"0", sbah alnor ayha almtotr
"0", oana aftch fyha fy alyotyob atary antolghytoha
"0", antdrk olazlt mtmsk fyk oghyry llasf fyk yqhrny
"0", alfar fy 3hd khlyl jlal
"0", ams drb sot r3b orby mn qoth hsbth bra knh bra fy alhoch hq albyt orby qlby ydq mn yomha mn qoth
"0", l3b fyna alb3od
"0", khatry btot
"0", 3rfth ana sdmt knt ahs chghlhm hlo
"0", chklh mach
"0", y rb
"0", mn dy
"0", bnchkr allh ano alqlb 3dlt mo 3dm .. bdl alt3dyl arhm mn alxr
"0", chfty kyf
"0", allhm ofqny fy drasty oshl akhtbaraty
"0", hh tdkrt nfsy
"0", 3mty aljam3h tlbtj aba asbo3 bdon akhtbarat 3my aldktor tkfa tra tkfa thz rjal
"0", bs bfmy khlytk kda
"0", ma atsm3 lh ala ada jyt broh aldyrt
"0", nas tybyn aoy aoy .. lyh fdhony bs
"0", ay doryh tchofny alyom shbo lysny maby asoq hont maly khlq mchaoyr
"0", sbah alfl oalord oalyasmyn
"0", mafy sbah alkhyr alyom
"0", tkfon aby yrj3 almtr machfth
"0", tfl om3ah jychh mafych ay abda3
"0", ana aqolha anty la
"0", ktyyr oallh
"0", allh ysamh qsm alfyzya2 qbl knt koys
"0", alab rjl mkhtlf fy hyat kl ftah olo salt kl ftah mada .ttmna lqalt rjla" kaby
"0", htmoty m alhr
"0", bs ho ana akrh aokobo lanha km mrh khlt akary tbky bs ahb slslt ayby
"0", oallha 3yb
"0", m3 kl tl3t chms sot as3af btfot os3 tryq ya jd3 m3ana otn bymot ln nnsa
"0", fan jokh kan mtfayl fy aol chbabh ofy alakhr drb nfsh balnar oalmodo3 mkhyf oal3alm mkan mr3b 3zyzty majy
"0", nqol yarb ohy matqsr rah t3od t3bna
"0", tkfon la achof ahd hat aghnyt dmny dmny lanha oy3
"0", "krbla2k ana ahsha hy dary.." #hbyby_hsyn
"0", allh 3lyk yafkhr sfra land
"0", aloghd ally b alfydyo aboh b alhd aljnoby sm3 sot aboh oqam ybtsy
"0", l3b fyna alb3od
"0", ams oana fy alhlaq .. ftht hsab jzyl hq hlaqy osoyt lh bnft by oqlt lh mn alyom orayh mb daf3 lk kach
"0", myn roan !?
"0", lytny ma nmt aby achof
"0", ybalha qlb qoy
"0", sbhanh jlt qdrth
"0", lna allh
"0", alnas altby3yt bsdaqthm tqol : ahna mqrbyn mn b3d ahna mtl alakhoan alkh basttna2 tb3a sobr jonyor :
"0", bytqdm alathad oy3tyna aml ob3dha
"0", alhajt ly #tmnytyha fy hyatk dytyha olala .. ?? ana la
"0", ho ana qlt hajt
"0", asm3 mn ytklm
"0", 3yonk tghol yaghzal
"0", tsbhon 3la khyr
"0", n3m n3m n3m
"0", sdqny ahdhm layhdtk ktyra.. lknh yfkr bk aktr mmattsor
"0", oallh alhlal qahrny bs yla mo mchklh nht alhrh fy alhdaya
"0", nby altoayr mlyt kl choy abnchrh
"0", ay chy ma yfhmonh y3fsonh. 3yl aldymqratyt t3ny an alch3b ho ally yhll oyhrm!!
"0", alnas ally zy kda baqy mnhm 3chr nfrat mnhm choy oynqrdoa
"0", m ytbt
"0", ahbk bkl ma aotyt mn mrd #sot_alhq_lld3m #krob_alzhor_lld3m #alnrjs_lld3m #amyrh_almosm #3raq_alkhyr
"0", kl m klmt ahd yqoly khtmt kl almoad oana bs khtmt aol soal fy alktab
"0", oant ly mrhtch
"0", ghryb aldar
"0", tyb mb
"0", alsdq ma alom al3yal yom maybghon ytzojon aloahd yjm3 ratbh 3chan mchary3 llzmn oyjy alzoaj oalmqdmat hdy tchft kl chy
"0", . qly mta tntq oana achofk asnam ma hmha dyqy ozod ahtraqy . alcha3r: hmod jloy .
"0", srt afz mn nomy asyh oaqol dkhyyl allh rj3oh
"0", ja2 bbaly 3la tol
"0", chno alsalfh acho srty kory hmynh
"0", myn qal da alklam
"0", #m3syty_rahty nzzlt
"0", #hsbna_allh_on3m_alokyl #la_t3lyq lk allh #yaymn
"0", hram 3lyk ana mstqylh omantkhh f albyt
"0", o3dtny ban ykon ma bynna "abdy" onsyt an asalk aho hbk am oj3y ?
"0", yallh yanoaf
"0", oyn alhybt oalsolat oaljolat oalbaba rah oalbaba ja oy3bdonh ooalkh .. oakhrtha ysjd 3bodyt lmkhloqat
"0", 3lyhm mn allh ma ysthqon
"0", aylaf choy
"0", y3ny la syast fhmant ola hta 3lm? snt doyyt = ohdt msafat mch oqt.
"0", olma anty trohy myn hyfdly
"0", ma rh ahkylk almtl bs latrkn ktyr 3 aqoal alhjt allh yhfdha
"0", oz3lanh lyh
"0", rasy skhn mn alklam alfargh
"0", arjoch 3ly khan ma ydor khrdh baltfaytlan asla hta alkhrdt mkhlsh mn ns alchhr
"0", mtl hdf salm hlo bs mamnh faydt
"0", yqtrd a3tmdoa 3la 3dt frq fy ktabt hdh almlahdt
"0", tra oallh qlt ch3ory ma qlt nkth
"0", oallh hda asmh mo zoran hda yslh toran khlony akml hdaya bs
"0", tyb la tbky
"0", b3ydh bs rxy halmrt
"0", dd ymkn 3ndha sor rfyjatha mthjbat
"0", ohajr htrj3 bkra ohdl lohdy :(
"0", ryys almjls al3skry alsodany aljdyd asmh 3bdalftah akhoany alsodanyyn mbrok allh yfth 3lykm #3bdalftah
"0", ahbk hta alhlak aldy ystotn qlby
"0", adkry allh
"0", #lylt_jm3h allhm sl oslm 3lyh #alotr #tsbhon_3la_mathbon
"0", alhy bfatmt o abyha o b3lha o bnyha oalsr almstod3 lqd daqt alsdor bma rhbt allhm antqm mn aldalmyn
"0", ay oallh
"0", ahkoa llayam alhlot tchyl 3ny alblok
"0", has anha khsart
"0", lma thaol t3ych ahdat nktt mn ayam alblakbyry
"0", 3ady 3ndhm la almd3om tklm ola alda3m tasf
"0", achyn anoa3 alz3l ank tz3l omhd dra 3nk y3ny foq alz3l ghbnh yahooh trany z3lan adroo 3ny .. radony
"0", oan at3bk chy2 fhnak mn at3bh kl chy2 fql alhmd llh dayma oabda
"0", allhm arhm motana o aghsl qborhm kma ghslt alard balmtr allhm amtr 3lyhm mn nsaym rhmtk yallh .. aboy oamy
"0", khlokm fy brlmankm
"0", a3rf mn tra
"0", aly alryys alsodany aljdyd ' ada raynak 3ly hq a3nak oan raynak 3 batl 3arf brak #a3tsam_alqyadh_al3amh
"0", hh yarb la
"0", akrh ma3ndy chkhsy almfdl yhs bch3or any ma ahtm lh
"0", kyf lk an tstslmy llmot ya 3zyzty ayn tlk alaroah alsb3 alty yqol aljmy3 ank tmlkynha am anha alakhyrt?
"0", y allh ana fy hyrt
"0", hyooa allh yrhmk
"0", kda bnfqd alatraf fy alhjom
"0", lo jhaz alamn ma atfrmt al3olaq dh h yrj3 tany
"0", #rayk_fy_alhb alhb foq ma ntsor ..
"0", asoyha dhyn m3 ktyr
"0", an cha2 allh htbqy lylt ola alf lylt olylt ola 3za2 lbto3 hmaqy alfrafyr
"0", ryysyn fy yomyn qalo alrby3 al3rby nhna alktahh alafryqyt
"0", ana moatnt s3odyt mtdrrt albarh alamtar dkhlt fy byty obant 3yob albna2 klh aby mbadrt ansanyt
"0", sbah o msa chy ma bytnsy trkt alhb o akhdt alasy
"0", mhtaj rqm mfsr ahlam yfsr ly aloaq3 ally 3aych fyh
"0", hdh hy alhyat moaqf tsdmg moaqf tbkyg moaqf bhajt ltjahlha otbqa hnag .. moaqf la tnsa..
"0", lala tmod
"0", qbl mot alansan b yom ynam ktyra  ynsa ktyra  ysrh ktyra  oychtaq llmady
"0", fy hlm jals ytkrr kml asbo3 !! okl yom aqom mn alnom achof alchkhs rasl ly ahs fy chy bysyr qryb!!
"0", allh yysrha
"0", yan baba 3lyh hrkat yqol broh mchoar fjah ysor balml3b yahoo aych fyyh!! jhd bnath
"0", ana mrydh ad3oly d3oh l3lha tstjab
"0", ana ally da3 mnk fy zham alnas  oana aktr chkhs hbk oant ma tdry " rx
"0", la thddoa arqam okhlona nbdl jhd bdon thdyd arqam lan sraht trkyzna balarqam ykhlyna la ma jbnaha nhs bahbat
"0", takd an almoaj3 la tatyk ala mn chkhs ahbbth bchdt
"0", ana mrydh ad3oly d3oh l3lha tstjab
"0", allh allh 3 aldooq mtly
"0", l3b fyna alb3od
"0", b3rf lych
"0", allhm amyn yarb al3almyn hsbna allh on3m alokyl
"0", kanhm bkhbto brasy
"0", latghar oqlby o3yony mmtlyn fyk :(
"0", sdq mn qal alaqarb 3qarb
"0", hloh bs alch3r
"0", oalmdrsyn ydaomoa y3ny
"0", aloahd ma alh khatr yqom mn alnom ola yt3aml m3 mkhloq
"0", #ahyana_qlbk_yryd mchklt alnas ada t3odo ank matz3l khlas yflonha yhsbonk khchbh
"0", lghz ?
"0", aly yl3b 3la alhblyn mo khayn bal3x lyaqt..
"0", aolhm alklb had
"0", hdak aol alhyn alod3 hfaly
"0", hh dryty hsby allh sdmony ana osarh
"0", baqy tsalo halasylh hdh obaqy altfa3l
"0", "tlatyn snt btrqs .. allylt rqstna" ana bbky dy hlaot chdydt bakh
"0", lytny tljt oartmyt 3lykm
"0", jytk 3chan artah.. ma jyt aharb #bs_aqol #db_alryad
"0", mrh 3tst bjnb oayt mn zman ma achtghl b3d 3tsty achtghl 3la tol
"0", dm alchhyd m yroh hdr #lm_tsqt_b3d #a3tsam_alqyadh_al3amh
"0", aghnyh mkmlnach #tamr_3achor #bsoty
"0", mhzn bjd :(
"0", yslam 3 aldhk lma ydq babk fjat
"0", chlonkm .. ana b3yony achk ola achk b3yonkm #kadm_alrkaby #ch3r_ch3by_3raqy
"0", qa3d asyh
"0", kant alhyat rhmt allh 3lyha.
"0", "ofodt amry alyk" kl mlfat alhmom qd rf3t alyh sbhanh lys mn allayq an tlahqha baltfkyr!" -nm hanya ..
"0", shl jda astghny 3nk tol maghrork aqoy mnk hab3d oasybk ldhyh ghyry omch ha3atbk lo yom qabltk
"0", soytha obrdo matl3 chy
"0", lych mhd 3lmny knt naymh #amtar_alchrqyh
"0", b3d mamr nsf al3mr knh djyj atfal bqa nsfh ally dlth mab3d faht 3la rasy ally rghm myl aldhr mamal shabt hzn tmtr mn al3am ma_anzaht
"0", mtanh bolyh ryaktd haha
"0", lmada lm tf3l chyya yj3lny ach3r bank tsthq kl ma a3nyh mn ajlk?
"0", ola thlm alkhrfan bkhyrat bladha madamha khrfan khan3h oyhkmha klab
"0", #tmny_allylh ' choftk ohbt khchmk yaghlamn fqdaboy
"0", blyz la thchr khchmk 3ndy ana asal ohdh ma asaltk mlqof
"0", ynf3 fy rmdan oallh bdl ma ajls asb oghyry yakl oychrb
"0", otl3n nfsha alf l3nh
"0", sbah alkhyr llchkhs ally mrmtth alhyat obaqy 3la qol fyroz"dhkat 3yono tabtyn mabynqso :(
"0", ndakr ot3bna
"0", mhtajyn qayr alnhardh #qdha__ya__ahly
"0", bs hyk msmooh
"0", aooh aooh yandm ah yaqlby ally andlm
"0", arj3 nam 3ady
"0", hh khlyna saktyn
"0", ana khayft alt3lym ymotny qbl maymot
"0", sot almtr 3od bdkrak
"0", nhaol n3dlh alhyn
"0", mosy mjdy ya nas
"0", knt mnqhor llasf
"0", hay ahd yjy ydrdch m3y
"0", ya akhoana o allh lst mtalbna ma athqq mnha ghyr mtlb oahd .. 3lykm allh alnas ma ttkhadl
"0", thh s3dk kl ma tqolyly 3tyny mama n3tyk to noryk hy dora mn y3tyk
"0", fy ahd yzf 3la kmaro
"0", ya akhoana o allh lst mtalbna ma athqq mnha ghyr mtlb oahd .. 3lykm allh alnas ma ttkhadl
"0", 3sa ma chr ? :(
"0", jym kary almntdr !
"0", n3m y3na hdrtk tqsd ayt
"0", f3la mqrf jda
"0", ant khlsto?
"0", kan bdy aqra halroayt sotya .. lkn bkyt omo qadrt akml. yallh kyf jmlt ohdt hztny hz (ams tofy tfly )
"0", tyb yroh ynhq b3yd 3na ntalb adart toytr bfth qsm alnhyq lb3d alhmyr mmno3 altghryd 3ndna
"0", alkhdlan yj3lk tt3lm lght alsmt ob3dha ln t3atb ahd
"0", lytny m nchyt ."
"0", ao3y tsyb ally byhbk fy oqt ho mhtajlk fyh oaftkr anh qalk fy yom anh maloch ghyrk blach txr qlbh fy oqt d3fh
"0", tyb oakhtkm alfqraoyh tqhronh
"0", lank mo n3sanh
"0", ryysyn fy yomyn qalo alrby3 al3rby nhna alktahh alafryqyt
"0", syah jma3y
"0", #alathad_alnsr badn allh alathad yfoz
"0", alnskht aljayt antdrony
"0", "tlatyn snt btrqs .. allylt rqstna" ana bbky dy hlaot chdydt bakh
"0", allhm arhm amy oaboy oakhoy ooaldyhm odrythm oamoat almslmyn ajm3yn
"0", albka2 rahh
"0", t3aycht mrh m3ha ojbt al3yd so la
"0", akhtark ant y rohy
"0", sm3thm yqolon bajma3 alamt an alklb njs ol3abh njs okl mafyh njs hda ho alklb #fkr_mn_jdyd
"0", macha2 allh 3la soth yabkhtkm fyh ahna ally yadn 3ndna hndy
"0", yarb ryyhny mn kl halalm ally jalsh ahs fyh :(
"0", 3tyt oma khdyt ala ndamh
"0", yhlylk lych mnkd 3 3mrk sahb alfrh oals3adt bdlhm
"0", sh chlon
"0", allh almst3an bs
"0", ajtm3 fyha alda2 oaldoa2
"0", akyd bsbb alafatar ya sbhy
"0", yty kmylt  qloby falmstqbl
"0", ofy alnhayh ttl3 m3 amk okhaltk lo naymh ma ahsn ly
"0", sfk dm chhyd
"0", omada 3n aldy abtly bhb don lqa2 alm ykfy alm alb3d hta ydoq alm alachtyaq
"0", jyboly 3od :(
"0", ayak an tody nfsa  hta olo lm tkn mn albchr ..
"0", ana 3ayz aroh starbx
"0", mch qlty nboa 3tlt mn alajtma3at 3chan nrqdoa
"0", yas kmloa hyk
"0", #z3ym_toytr_folorz_ahlaoy rbna yryh kl qlb hass bhajat mch qadr ychrhha lhd..
"0", bsyr mtlk
"0", #aljbyl_albld #aljbyl_alsna3yt #amtar_alchrqyh asla 33ady tdaom oaljo kkda
"0", alhmd oachkr llh
"0", oyhdt an nchthy rhyla hta mn anfsna ola n3lm ala ayn!
"0", ydhk hsth bryy
"0", bhrna ahsn mnkm chofyha tghlt 3la bhrna
"0", alhajat al btyjy b3d foat aoanha mbybqach lyha m3ny ao btkon fqdt alchghf bta3ha
"0", sart 3ndk ?
"0", kn ohydaola tkn m3 chkhs ysd bk fraghat yomh. tmtlny #mthchm
"0", jahzyn l althdy allylh an cha2 allh !
"0", alaghnyh makhdh qlby hrfya
"0", allh allh allh 3la sotha  hram hdh mhy mchhort oghyrha aql mnha bktyr makhdyn chhrt mdlomt oallh
"0", odonyy alryad :(
"0", ayh 3ady
"0", #tmny_allylh ' choftk ohbt khchmk yaghlamn fqdaboy
"0", #och_t3lmt_mn_aldnya2 an afarq alchy2 aldy lay3tyny qymty hta lo kant rohy mt3lqt bh
"0", 3qly ma 3ndh oyn ytba3d
"0", slamtk mn alhzn
"0", aoba afhm mn klamk an alsnadyq alty att balsysy mzort lkonk asttnyt asrayyl
"0", sort alyom : mchhd motr lmtdahr 3la rkbtyh o ydyh khlf rash llt3byr 3la alslmyt  o qd tlqa mqdofa fy sdrh
"0", alyom alyofy dd sbal oal3sr b3d
"0", m3aya zhaymr ldrjt bnsa ana bsmt dkhol ao khroj
"0",  m3aya zhaymr 
"0", ajhd oj3 kbdy ada mr taryk qdny ada mr taryk ghtyt kbdy :(
"0", la t3odny 3la alsdh trany mn t3mdny bnsyanh  nsyth
"0", rbah la thrmny royth fy jntk f qlby ytmzq choqa oalma ofraqa ohnyna lh #aby
"0", mhtaj attmn mch 3arf
"0", lych m 3zmtny
"0", llmrh almlyon ma ahb akon btrh btoytr bs ghsb 3ly mo qadrh aoqf
"0", maraj ady3 oqty chkly aklm dfd3 m3oq
"0", bs aloasl ?  fatny almtr
"0", allh yktr albtmanat oyhfdhn
"0", 3ndma thb ahdhm la tkhbrh ktyra 3n dlk alhb aj3lh yrah .. #tayh #ajml_ahsas_lld3m
"0", bnchkr allh ano alqlb 3dlt mo 3dm .. bdl alt3dyl arhm mn alxr
"0", mbd3 macha2 allh bark allh  kny bdyt asyr qrybt lk fy altsoyr
"0", o khlsna aljz2 altany o fman allh yalmhlbyt mn amt3 alachya2 ally chftha
"0", ryysyn fy yomyn qalo alrby3 al3rby nhna alktahh alafryqyt
"0", nfsy mrh bqhot
"0", l3b fyna alb3od
"0", 3ndma ykon llkhst oaldna2t 3noan ytbadr llqasy oaldany asmk alkryh
"0", ala ya lyt ahtk ma byyn alrmch oal3yn :(
"0", ayh 3chan mayban ll3oadl hbna
"0", allh ychchfyh yarb
"0", aqol labn alklb lathaol tkhtrq hsaby ottlb ast3adt albasord latt3b nfsk
"0", mjbor atmtm lhn alghyab lhdat oaqol rah .. otkhnq alsot 3brat oaghs fy qolh l3lh yjyny ..
"0", " alftrt dy s3bh 3ly kl alnas btryqt ghrybh jda " klna 3ndna abtla2at bakhtlaf altfasyl..rbna yhonha 3lyna jmy3a
"0", aghnyh mkmlnach #tamr_3achor #bsoty
"0", ymh mn l ?macha2 allh
"0", arh mtasfanh
"0", y3ny nhn 3ady nghrq onmot!
"0", kl da kan lyh lma chft 3ynyh :(
"0", dkrtk yom amtrt dark oana b3yd ohlt dmo3y 3la alkhd 3bratha #bqlmy #jdyd #amtar_alchrqyh
"0", antdrk olazlt mtmsk fyk oghyry llasf fyk yqhrny
"0", brq3k ftnh
"0", alathad marah yhbt  khofy 3la al3zyz alqadsyh
"0", #och_t3lmt_mn_aldnya2 ally yht alm3rof fy ghyr ra3yh knh yht alkhl fy 3yn 3bdh
"0", ada aktchft anh hbybtk btdkhn tsybha ao tkml m3aha ?!?!
"0", dhkh odk tbrozha 3la jdran alghrf oalbyot oalchoar3 :(
"0", taqlmt balryad ohbytha aktr mn alchrqyh hta bs jdh ma3rf
"0", alqt3h chynh
"0", tchyn trchh m3 albntyn
"0", ys3d sbahk yaflanh oan cha2 allh d3s altoaqy oalkhdm atynyn fy oahd
"0", nhb mn lys lna oalb3d y3chqna don 3lmna oalnsyb hkayt akhra
"0", qlt lykm nsqtha sry3 alchghlanyt jaybt lyha sqor #a3tsam_alqyadt_al3amt
"0", oyn almnkr kbtn
"0", mayn3ton ojh malt bs
"0", rbna ykhrjna mnha 3la khyr
"0", khsart alt3lym fyhm
"0", hdy alnkht btkon admany aljdyd ozyadt kylo lozny 3zayy an qa3dt achrb m3h bybsy dayt
"0", qsdkm fyh doam alyom 3ndkm
"0", as3b mot hy an tmot bsbb mn knt tdn anh yhmyk sort balf m3na #och_t3lmt_mn_aldnya2
"0", alsrqh 3yny 3ynk
"0", qal lha : anty btstahly oahd ahsn mny - msht dmo3ha oqalt : hat rqmoa ! la ahsas ola dmyr
"0", alhz2 alrahl mn qlby .. ohzn qlby alaol #oaldy sqa allh qbrkma oamt3kma bn3ym la yfna
"0", aych ndam alnom alkhrra hda
"0", ana bqol ymn3o albot alabyd 3albdlt balaol ob3dyn bnchof modo3 alzoaj almbkr
"0", zoran yokd an alqmlt mqlb oyhth 3la dkt alahtyat #alahly_alhlal
"0", bnchkr allh ano alqlb 3dlt mo 3dm .. bdl alt3dyl arhm mn alxr
"0", khmol khmol khmol
"0", ayyoh bayn qmach abyd tyb kfralghta hq alsryr mtla
"0", ant mdan konk mslma ay thmt achrf mn dlk ?! hsby allh on3m alokyl #hadt_nyozylnda_alarhaby
"0", yallh. motby3y
"0", mama btqoly ana mbsott an alsyf jh 3chan trj3y llbs alfath
"0", amlna ballh kbyr allhm ansrna 3la altghat
"0", allhm arhm motana o aghsl qborhm kma ghslt alard balmtr allhm amtr 3lyhm mn nsaym rhmtk yallh .. aboy oamy
"0", msakyn almghtrbyn oallh fathm sqotyn y3ny mafy hajt mmkn tosf ch3orhm tkhyl tkon mghbon mrt otnghbn tany
"0", alfqrt al3skryh latfal altmhydy
"0", achch antm
"0", #fortnayt sbbtly adman
"0", fydyo l3dd mby3at alhoatf mn ala
"0", n3m lst bar3h balkdb hyn aqol anny la achtaq alyk
"0", msakm ana 3chan ykhrb aloyknd mn bdayth
"0", aloo b3tzl qyamt artghrl omarah atab3h lma 3rft an dy ttab3h
"0", bnchkr allh ano alqlb 3dlt mo 3dm .. bdl alt3dyl arhm mn alxr
"0", sr3 alayam
"0", y3ny ayh anam alsa3h oashy alsa3h oahaol anam tany m3rfch lyyh
"0", "tlatyn snt btrqs .. allylt rqstna" ana bbky dy hlaot chdydt bakh
"0", nasy mftahy oly rb3 sa3h 3nd albab ochkly mtol
"0", yarb kl aly ahtajh albrkt fy oqty
"0", ma lloj3 sot lo nchky moaj3na olo ynktb hrf rafq nbrth ghsh.
"0", alhry hny .. askt
"0", -- la bas an nbky qlyla ..ao rbma ktyra ..
"0", hbl oslk mrtkhy oant fkyyt alhbl oams majabk 3sa alosl bkrt ob3dh ..
"0", ahm chy ma ttdayqyn mn halchy
"0", rsalt ala jdy adm 3lyh alslam klmat oada2 || mhmd alskran
"0", hta fyklob qbl al3odh qlt ahs bnakhd bak oakhdna bak obkda a3toa klamy oahasysy kl alhb oaltqdyr 
"0", kyf aloahd yqdr ynam
"0", ma chy frq bynh obyn ly yoa3d jarth lma ykhrj alnas lslat aljm3t mnasbt dynyt ytm astghlalha mn qbl d3af alnfos
"0", ahs any ahb hyfa2 ohby mrh
"0", #3tny_a3lomk mlyt ya(toytr )oymkn nod3k on3od lk mn b3d ftrh toylh . t3bt ana mn ktr maktb oatab3k oasahr 3yony m3k kl lylh
"0", ktbtk ktyralknk amy 3jzt 3n qra2t 3yony.
"0", aghdb mnh dayma obmjrd soalh 3ny lamlk soa dqat qlb latjro hta 3la 3tabh
"0", dlam ma asm3
"0", lazm nt3od mn ablys
"0", bnchkr allh ano alqlb 3dlt mo 3dm .. bdl alt3dyl arhm mn alxr
"0", zyk oadkry allh
"0", allhm any astod3tk kl mafyny nfsy frhty  mstqbly  o qlby f yarb bchrny bma atmna o ahb. . __tsbhon 3 khyr
"0", qam jmahyr bokajonyorz balablagh 3n mqt3 alfydyo lyqom alyotyob bhdf almqt3 bsbb alhqoq  lysbh alochm 3dym alfaydt
"0", chfth rj3 qlt allh mhyyk ochlon jyt orj3tk msthylh ofzyt oatrh hlm oaldm3 yrtyk mrhom ya aghla mn dbhny rhylh
"0", oyn 
"0", ya akhoana o allh lst mtalbna ma athqq mnha ghyr mtlb oahd .. 3lykm allh alnas ma ttkhadl
"0", 3cht fyha khms snoat mkrh oalhmdllh tl3t mnha
"0", bghyt chno
"0", bs ghsb 3ny
"0", -ahrb mn qlby oaroh 3ly fyn
"0", antdrk olazlt mtmsk fyk oghyry llasf fyk yqhrny
"0", yasatr yarb
"0", hlmt fyky
"0", tmam .. tmam
"0", qa3dyn yzho almtarys #a3tsam_alqyadt_al3amt
"0", mdry mn oyn hda altqh oaltfayl  fryqna aqoa shyh oalathad d3yf shyh  lkn alathad mhdd oalkhoof mn alt3adl
"0", soal : lych lhm alhachy ynqd alodo2 ? aby ajabh shyhh obnfs aloqt tqn3ny #yom_aljm3h
"0", la la chda altrkyb
"0", "tlatyn snt btrqs .. allylt rqstna" ana bbky dy hlaot chdydt bakh
"0", lk ohchh
"0", o daya maly khlq achofh dy alftrt hqt alkochyn kanoa yjybon aldyqt ly mdry kyf
"0", bs llamant lo yqololy adf3 d3f hda almblgh oaq3d fy nfs almkan ana rady
"0", aknsl altl3h oaq3d brohy 3chan anam akhr chy2 ytyr alnom
"0", klh l3yon allxs och y3rfk
"0", lm a3d arghb b chy2 fqt antdr antha2 yomy bsmt ! -
"0", 3ych als3adh don tkhbr bha hd alnas tfsd kl hajh #jmylh #nda
"0", mn as3b alamor fy alymn an ykon lk jar ao mstajr hoty allh layorykm #albrdqan
"0", f3alyt msayyt atq chr alanta ada .. ?
"0", oqnably chno
"0", sar 3ndy ratbma hoq3 haly baldyon bs fy aoloyat qbl almobayl
"0", osbh alr3d oant3cht alqlob fsbhan mn yhyy alqlob b3d motha
"0", allh yrhm baba yarb o allh achtqt lh #almqdm_3bdalrzaq_almlhm #mtr #sa3t_ajabt
"0", jd yfchloa
"0", #mslsl_odk_ytkrr_brmdan m atab3 mslslat
"0", mchklh 3byd alkorh
"0", mad3yt bs krhtha
"0", akhaff .
"0", chft may3adl tmn alam kl chy
"0", kan m3ay alf
"0", lala da klam acha3at say.. adona albrahyn kan fy
"0", mhd ysm3na
"0", 3 asas toytk
"0", ya bakhmas ao basdas ya
"0", antdrk olazlt mtmsk fyk oghyry llasf fyk yqhrny
"0", m3 any athady bs atmna alnsr yfoz
"0", dkrtk yom amtrt dark oana b3yd ohlt dmo3y 3la alkhd 3bratha #bqlmy #jdyd #amtar_alchrqyh
"0", alsahy rtoyt
"0", fad choqy lh  yarb afrj 3nh
"0", msa2 alkhyr haolt anam ly oqt almbarat o nchyt ahyn alsa3t bajy khms sa3at
"0", "tlatyn snt btrqs .. allylt rqstna" ana bbky dy hlaot chdydt bakh
"0", adrkt anny qoyt hynma sbrt 3la amr ma  fy kl yom o fy kl lylt ybtr jz2 mn rohy .
"0", y3ny mafy aml manchof bkra nj o al3
"0", anam mafyny chy aq3d mtxrt
"0", yarb khlyk m3aya f amthan alnhardt dh o 3da alyom klh 3 khyr ..
"0", sbah alajoa2 alro3h oaltqos aljmylh t3a fy alfy
"0", allh yrhm baba yarb o allh achtqt lh #almqdm_3bdalrzaq_almlhm #mtr #sa3t_ajabt
"0", a3ln hby alabdy ltons al3dymh bsbb halchkhs ayda
"0", qam jany dh .. khsart alshr oalt3b oalz3l
"0", tkfa hs fyny choy qol qlbk hda ly yaghla mn rohy 3ly talbk ana abyk :(
"0", ya chykhh anty ally tkhly yomy mchchrq
"0", sdyqt altfolt ma zalt tdkr allqb hqy oahs :(
"0", tlal mdah
"0", mjrd trktha am ank lm tkn ahla llndal mn ajlha .
"0", "tlatyn snt btrqs .. allylt rqstna" ana bbky dy hlaot chdydt bakh
"0", bark allh fyk mafy ay drt ahsas . . . . almfrod tdch oyalkhyzrh chkhth chkhttyn mfydyn yshshon 3 sbh
"0", la . m3 any akrh alqtt bs brdoa msthyl asoyha.
"0", chkly marah ahdfha ya chbab ahs any bs afkr fyha
"0", ana hash lo 3srony htl3 amthanat and raond okoyzat mch kda oallh
"0", hsbt ank mtab3ny! almhm allh ystr mn alhkm alyom la ynhrna
"0", ala mta o almtr ydch ldakhl albyt alnas tstans fy almtr ala ahna ndayq lan y3fs albyt #almtr #albhryn
"0", hh y3ny bs chkl
"0", yarb shlha 3lyh
"0", nfs qanon alolayt 3la alnsa2 albalghat
"0", sbah alxl
"0", ochda alhlm
"0", yazynh da alchayb
"0", 3adk ma 3rft altryq soy dooa lh ychof altryq
"0", sahbt alkhof mn khofy 3ly amy rhlt amy oastotny alkhof hdt haly bm3ny alklmat osdqha
"0", hh yarby mt
"0", "tlatyn snt btrqs .. allylt rqstna" ana bbky dy hlaot chdydt bakh
"0", lyt aloaldyn m3somyn mn almrd omn alkbr omn alt3b omn almot lythm mkhldyn la so2 ola bas
"0", chmry // ltyfh qlb omlamh f3la :( // akaontj rotyn // bhbk:(
"0", ma ho alla ymcha ora klam alnas ystahl kl alla yjralh
"0", mn hndyla
"0", tart amanyna 3x atjah alryh o da3t moanyna fy ghflt altloyh :(
"0", tb3a tflt .. mch 3arfh lych alnas frhanh b khtobt oahdh snh 3sas alzoaj hyk chy l3bt ay oahdh lbst fstan o htt roj o khdo sor
"0", yallh antdr
"0", ama alahly f3da mrhlt aloda3h sar hajh mattsma
"0", ya rb yzydona km mlyon fy tsryh alyotyob
"0", ftho aljsr alm3lq ana mn alsa3h oana ador fy lbn ma lqyt ly drb ala alhyn
"0", hh dhkh bryal mn altotr
"0", jon blh qrban mnm :(
"0", ah ahbk
"0", "tlatyn snt btrqs .. allylt rqstna" ana bbky dy hlaot chdydt bakh
"0", ahs rh asqt mn ktr ma tqolon ly ya hdj khryjh :)
"0", m3 anna b3yd bs kl yom bhbha aktr
"0", ajyal btslm ajyal
"0", #alhlal_alahly abd hsyn lm ykhty olm ysy2 lahd bhdh allqth hsyn ychrh lqomyz tarykh alahly
"0", alhy bfatmt o abyha o b3lha o bnyha oalsr almstod3 lqd daqt alsdor bma rhbt allhm antqm mn aldalmyn
"0", antdrk olazlt mtmsk fyk oghyry llasf fyk yqhrny
"0", alfydyo dh byodh hajat ktyr
"0", ah oallh
"0", khatbny haol hs by
"0", ryysyn fy yomyn qalo alrby3 al3rby nhna alktahh alafryqyt
"0", nadr lma tlaqy ally hafdk ohafd klamk ot3abyr ochk otryqh klamk
"0", l3b fyna alb3od
"0", oalryad tbyk
"0", l3b fyna alb3od
"0", yarb tofyqk :(
"0", oallh mastkhdm ola oahd mnhm
"0", a3tzlt moyra almroq3 orht l3btk alklbh o3sbt okhrbt hyaty
"0", ryysyn fy yomyn qalo alrby3 al3rby nhna alktahh alafryqyt
"0", yalyl mafyh faydh
"0", dkhol 3nyyf mn hsyn 3bdalghny dd kno #alhlal_alahly
"0", dm alchhyd m yroh hdr #lm_tsqt_b3d #a3tsam_alqyadh_al3amh
"0", tyb kys fol ao 3ds
"0", b3d alghaybon la yrhlon tmama bl ytrkon bqaya asoathm fy qlobna
"0", jlabyh odhb mghty ydha olft altrhh ..fy almqt3 chy ghryb ghyr mryh
"0", lyh abda alyom balnkd dh ! ana bqyt bhrb mnh oallh bs ho al byjyly oalmchklh byshy 3ndy kl afkar alnkd al ana mnymaha bmjhod rhyb
"0", hda mkhlyth b3d alakhtbarat bkafy nfsy fyh
"0", 3ah oaq3a :(
"0", sah akhtbar lazm trxy chklh mhd mdakr ghyr aol oahd balqaymt
"0", ayh aldymqratyt ohryt alray almfrtt dy ayh alqrf ally 3la alsbh dh
"0", aktr ally dayfthm lysa stan
"0", alfydyo dh lkl alnas alma dayrt tsbr
"0", aoah yaqlb 3lyl t3lqt fy hb mnho balnoa3s ftny :(
"0", machallh o3yn alnby .. mhdryn al3sbt qbl alfl3h . . .
"0", yajma3h manmt llhyn khyr sahyh mn al3sr ams och fyny mo n3sanh hta
"0", fy nas kl aqol mabdkhl oyahm f soalf ao nqachat bs dayma aghlt
"0", aoky rah mskhot alnsb o almchkl kynsb bsmyt oahd m3rof o mbyraty lyh klchy o tynsb byhm ana 3qt ta fat lfot
"0", oallh anha mn khoarm alrjolh oalmchklh alaghlb ydhk
"0", m3mr sh qal sof tndmon  lkn any matoq3thach lldrjt hady
"0", nhna am alktahh
"0", zmn alm3jzat khls bs rbna krym
"0", khl 3nk qrytkm o3tna ahsayyh l mbarat 3myd asya alaty khlna ntfayl choy
"0", allh y3afyk ma adn
"0", ahm chy ally bqlby
"0", ahb nkon mtsdryn balakhbar
"0", ahtfd bdakrt qoyt llmhn alty frjha allh 3nk
"0", at3bny aljo
"0", mmlkt aldlam al3dma
"0", "tlatyn snt btrqs .. allylt rqstna" ana bbky dy hlaot chdydt bakh
"0", snt akhr mrh ftrt f albyt tby3y
"0", yarb allylh
"0", dy achkal tyjy ftrt alsbah
"0", allh yrhmh oyghfr lh oysbr qlbk
"0", allh ystr layby3yon jmy3 almyadyn
"0", _alm alras aldy yaty b3d albka2 ho bmtabt 3tab mn 3qlk lk ltfaht mabkyt lajlh. ..
"0", ya chykht bsblachklamfargh dt hy3rna oallh 3aml zy chhatt abo kf ohyatm oallh
"0", amy dkhlt 3la tqol lyh ma daomty alyom oana ansdmt qmt bsr3hh alhq akhtbary alnhayy o altsmy3 :(
"0", amyn yarb
"0", qhot aldhr allh yrzqny ahl rayqyn yhbonha m3y :(
"0", yy 3alsbh yarby hrqt am alromnsyh
"0", lytk mklmny bdry lany dkhlt m3 skoad
"0", f3la dlmt abo 3mrr
"0", rbna yrhmh
"0", allh yrhmk ya amy
"0", myn byghyr mody kl sbah omyn byhssny any mo lhaly ally msrhh omo fahmh chy ? omyn bydhkny ldrjh abky mn aldhk
"0", jmal rozy yqtl
"0", alnas tsbh 3la ord qhoh ana asbh 3la oahd ryht hljh bsl hsby allh on3m alokyl
"0", sbah alkhyr
"0", obrd b3d
"0", htma htma
"0", as3b chy lma tkon mhtar byn alghyrh alqatlh obyn alrhyl 3n mn ahbbt
"0", kl aly holya mdayqyn
"0", omakhfa kan a3dm
"0", bmot khof lan baba mab3d oj3 llhyn omo qadr yjy
"0", . knt qd tbt mn alhb ! lkn 3ynah j3ltny mdnba
"0", nfsy jda bs ana bqy tabt f dmaghy an klh bymchy omfych hd hyfdl m3aya
"0", ant balmzflt yaqlby
"0", baba frhan #mslsl_odk_ytkrr_brmdan
"0", oqm alsbh bdry otmcha f albran oachrb hlyb alkhlfat
"0", 3ndy dor brd hymotny
"0", hy bs ghbrt ochmos oqlt flos
"0", khsart alathad alyom y3ny hboth bysyr amr oaq3y hta alqadsyt sar mhdd balhbot
"0", almhnyyn dyl ma ybqa rashm qoy kman
"0", rsalt ala jdy adm 3lyh alslam klmat oada2 || mhmd alskran
"0", oana m amrd ala lma ysyr aljo hlo :(
"0", ala dmo3k fahmh fahmh
"0", ybdo an sotha trjmt ljmal mndrha
"0", ahyana bt3dy 3lya moaqf bqol fyha yarb ana al tfkyry ybqy mryd oana al syyt aldn bs mytl3och hma balosakht dy
"0", lanmlk ghyr ald3a2 lk ayha albtl mharb alsrtan alsyd alchab hyaoy alchr3 ad3olh blchfa2
"0", tmnyt an a3ych kma tryd nfsy olkn 3acht nfsy kma yryd zmany
"0", dyzmoond achtqtlhm
"0", - ya rby rhmtk chy fdy3
"0", mabqy chy oykml sa3h baqy sa3tyn :(
"0", oally yaklh m3 chahy bs
"0", ryysyn fy yomyn qalo alrby3 al3rby nhna alktahh alafryqyt
"0", o ana mkntch
"0", ho ant aza mchoftch alhflh obtstghrb an mchoftch 3sam alhdra da ana ally bstghrb oallh
"0", ml3on abo aldayt
"0", tlaq 3ros fy yom zfafha bsbb rfdha rkob am al3rys fy syart alzft oallh any b3tbr hal3rys btl
"0", aby ho alghayb aldy la yhdr oana almchtaq aldy la ynsy rhmk allh ya aby bqdr achtyaqy alyk
"0", zad 7 bs toq3t yzyd aktr
"0", hdy bs hqy
"0", ya kbtn tl3n ktyr ant
"0", ayh kfaya jym aof tronz kontnt dy ma tlm nfsk?
"0", hla oallh akhbar yalghaly
"0", ch3or moj3 3ndma yklmk mljak alaol okank khyarh alakhyr
"0", hdtony 3n alachtyaq ahdtkm 3n roh dfnt tht altrab olm tfarq rohy abda allhm arhm kl 3zyz oghala fqdnah
"0", akhr kol byny obynk kan bs 3baly qlk lahq troh khlyk
"0", mchklt alhlal bhdh allh layofqh y3ny matdry ant tchyl hmh ola hm hdh
"0", ay aghnyh lordh mf3ol alshr balnsbaly
"0", 3nsryh 3lyna
"0", toq3tk aqd3 mn kda
"0", yahy ryht 3trk khdt 3qly okhdtny :(
"0", ho ojhh mchoh bs soth hlo omhjd albaqyn.. ydkrny baylayja hq fambayr dayryz
"0", mhd dl sahy tol ally ysoy strym
"0", hda alchy m3rof 3nd alastkhbarat als3odyt mn hoaly snh oaktrhm mhrbyn mkhdrat otjar slah
"0", ya akhoana o allh lst mtalbna ma athqq mnha ghyr mtlb oahd .. 3lykm allh alnas ma ttkhadl
"0", alchkl alasly ola b3d alt3dyl
"0", 3byd albsrh alaktr mdlomyh ob3d aldyn astotnoa alkoyt mnhm balmady hm alchryhh almbd3t balfn oala3lam
"0", rafd ysamhny :(
"0", sbah alathad
"0", hzny ykabr balfrh ghst bkay oysd 3n ojh almcharyh chymh. lkn 3la allh ybtsm 3mry aljay ma ll3mr mn don rhmth qymh
"0", ach qlt lj ma3ndy
"0", astghfr allh al3dym oatob alyh
"0", #alathad_alnsr ay hlaly fady yjy ykoy ly alchmagh 3ndy doam b3d choy
"0", a gh l b aldyn yhbon bsdq la yjdon hbyba ylyq bhm
"0", ymkn salb
"0", oykndy da 3barh 3n toytr
"0", oaly tqol mo chghly chghl al3amlh
"0", ana samht lkn ma fqdt aldakrt
"0", akbr akdobh ank tqn3 nfsk ank qoy
"0", ychoofh 3bal ynzl almosm alakhyr kaml
"0", bghyt mlyon bs stl anjazz alrqm hda
"0", qdyk aldhr y ra3y am mqlq
"0", oallh mn zman atmnah ykon mdrbna lkn al3tyt aly 3ndna chklh mtol
"0", baltofyq kal3adt
"0", ttqtq ybo hah
"0", lzyq dbl fys
"0", ymkn yfajyna bs mqto3 ghyr hda rfyq drbh balchoar3 oho sbb dkholh fy kl hall3bt akyd kozqon rah ybky 3lyha atoq3 mchhd cha3ry yntdrna
"0", rayh alkhra rayh alroobh rayh alchghl
"0", kyfny dabth aldor?
"0", ana lmn a3rf any harj3 alsodan oalbld ma hykon fyha mdahrat
"0", ryysyn fy yomyn qalo alrby3 al3rby nhna alktahh alafryqyt
"0", anzyn 3jbtny
"0", amyn yarb
"0", hsby allh bs
"0", 3lymn 3fyh 3la t3b qlby
"0", aoolyy hda alcha3r
"0", alhmdllh  antht bfoz alhlal mbrook alfoz y z3ma2 #alhlal
"0", " lhd yhb chkhs o ysthyn bz3lh "
"0", "on3od bk mn ghlbt aldyn oqhr alrjal"
"0", yrdony abt3d 3nk oa3ofk :(
"0", "tlatyn snt btrqs .. allylt rqstna" ana bbky dy hlaot chdydt bakh
"0", la khlas lattl3yn rj3t makan naqsny baltl3h ala
"0", mrnjan dlm ra..
"0", yama a3rf nas sabrt 3la mmlyn bsbb alhb #ydrb_alhb_cho_bdl
"0", alchy2 ally msoyt alarq oalt3b tht 3yony  t3bny nfsya
"0", antm fachlyn otrmon blaoykm 3la alhkm sry
"0", llhyn mafhmt lyh bs sb3 aghany ahs tfcht mn ktr ma asm3
"0", ya rb mo ana :(
"0", 3ndh akhtbar ryadyat omaqdr yhfd alm3adlat #albkyryh
"0", jsmha jab by altakok odyq altnfs olaghlth
"0", hrfya ohchtny q3dt oda2h otqa bjd
"0", tfaylo!! ybnat mdhkyn chklhm kano 3aychyn bhm o hzn o ghm dola jd 3byd anjazat o almodo3 osl llmrd
"0", achtqt loaka oaka oaka
"0", nhayya layojd hl
"0", lo tsmh altoytt otfkna oallh tsoy khyyr
"0", shyt otdkrt ana och qlt qbl anam ana alhyn kyf arq3 alklam
"0", ychbh l soty tra
"0", alhqyqh tdob fy khmrt chfah odmk nhodh
"4", mn alkhyr nfsh
"4", ahbk ant oyah oamory mn s3h
"4", allhm amyn yarb al3almyn anty oana oamt sydna mhmd sl allh 3lyh oslm ajm3yn an cha2 allh
"4", astghfr allh
"4", .. hy allh ally ybadlny m3zh oahtram chykh alryajyl khyy syd hda o da . #ryof
"4", alshb allylt 3la alayfon .. rtoyt llmrfqt otbq alchrot
"4", rjl almbarah brayk ?
"4", chof alfydy alh tkmlt
"4", #ahtzm_yansr_m3k_rjal kfo jmhor alchms
"4", bkrh alsdarh trj3 lrjalha
"4", #sbah_alkhyr allhm.. thr sbahna osbah kl mslm mn alhm oalhzn oafth lna aboab als3adt oalaml..
"4", ajml mn ghna 3bd alhlym al3ndlyb #mhmd_3saf
"4", alsysy ho alchkhs alohyd ally yqdr yghyr ray trmb
"4", mrtdt tdrs ( ayam alzmn aljmyl ) #alhlal
"4", la ahd yghrq oychghl aldfa3
"4", laolyk aldyn ysndon aljmy3 olm ysndhm ahd allh y3rfkm jyda "
"4", allhm aghsl qbr hbyby #ahmd3tyq balma2 o altlj o albrd . . o tyb trah ala an ylqak mstbchra
"4", lo yjy ghyrk oyrsm ly alhna hb ghyrk bkl qna3t rafdh
"4", mlahdt fy mhlha labd mattkrr fy almbarat alqadmt .. chkr ahmd alhrby
"4", tkonyn 3dymh f3lya lma ykon hmk alohyd chlon tkonyn rayqh kl yom . .
"4", la yaty alahtmam ala mn qlb ykhaf ghyabk
"4", hda yom yqolon nchbh namq mtsor m3 sorty ghsb la tsdqonh almqat3t mstmrh ottmdd ..
"4", aby rmchk yghtyny oabyk aqrb mn anfasy. ylla 3 bala
"4", 3ad ant ohdk allh y3odk khyr
"4", ya fanzat
"4", sbahk s3adh
"4", #alathad_alnsr oqtha kan alnsraoy yt3cha2 al3sr oynam
"4", lm yntz3oha lyfrtoa fyha bsholt tqtna kbyrt babtalna omnsoryn badn allh
"4", hh tmt altrjmh
"4", sot mrym ynsyny mrh alhyah
"4", mtlk ochroak bs baqy achofk oahkm
"4", abchrk abo samy bkhyr alhmd llh .. chkra lk
"4", ys3d sbahk ordh
"4", hda ally matqdr tqolh la olych alkamyra alkhfyh layam zman
"4", byjld ola bynjld
"4", alhyat mjrd sfhat nhn mn nroy alqss fyha.. #tayh #ajml_ahsas_lld3m
"4", yarb aj3lh mn ashab hdh alayt
"4", fy alsbahyh bqolk
"4", alnas alshrant .. kot altoytt o sloa 3la alnby o khloa aly 3ndkm ysloa 3lyh. "mn sla 3la sydna alnby slat oahdt sla allh 3lyh bha 3chra"
"4", alhmd llh .. kant mbarah s3bh olkn btofyq allh tm d3mkm tjaozna almbarah
"4", lys 3dr mqn3 alnt fyh khsosyt .. omahy m3tqdatk alkhtyrt asla .. orod o qblat oqos qzh ..
"4", 3sa allh yblghna rmdan oahna bahsn hal
"4", alhyn mo tqolyn aljdl alfqhy oalnqach al3lmy mo hda mkanh ? lych bdyt tjtzyyn othaolyn tdhryn d3f hda alqol? :)
"4", abchro yaz3ma2 asya ma ahtzmto ala brjal moaqf abchro bs3dkm allylt nmrdgh alfqr
"4", sbah alkhyr 3la aljmy3 . #sbah_alkhyr
"4", tqoly ly mnary ? asthyt mnk yaklbh 3ady qoly lh tkfa oasoy lk qhoh kl yom
"4", tslm abo 3ly
"4", nfsha mrtyn
"4", m3 jmahyr #alhlal fy alghrbyt njomyt allqa2 llm3yof
"4", oyn aly tht qfl 3la hsabha .. tzojk alhob oala baqy ?.
"4", alqran aktr hajh btryhna nfsya
"4", sbah alabtsamt alhlot oalghalyh 3la ojohkm altybh mtab3yny alghalyn olmn yqra
"4", aj3lny yarb nora la yafl hdyh omtra la ykf ryh.. ohdayq dat bhjt
"4", allh yblghk rmdan oant bahsn hal yarb
"4", alshb allylt 3la alayfon .. rtoyt llmrfqt otbq alchrot
"4", sh oahyan ktyrh modkm yhmny
"4", 3ly hq y zmalh
"4", ya hyaty lych khofk oanty b3yony achofk la orby ma akhonk lo 3tony kl chy ..yab3dhm
"4", kyf alfqraoy yoqf hybt z3ym asya # hqyqt
"4", achhr obd3t ayam a3jtny klmt obd3t ayam tra jlst sa3h 3lchan aktbha t3aly khdy alzrqa2 am jod
"4", ya3mrry ana
"4", allh yn3m fy halk
"4", mahy hallylh obs oant mtghyr 3ly
"4", rghm altrd ally mchkok bamrh rghm algha2 alhdf oho shyh nqol yarb chot tany ajml #alhlal_alahly
"4", ana bqa qbl ma alhajh thsl bbqa 3arf ayh al hytm bdbt
"4", trjtoh balakhr
"4", atab3 mslsl
"4", yqolon altaml fy n3m rby 3badh ho ysyr atamlk oakhd ajr
"4", jzyty khyra d ktr allh amtalk
"4", sbah alkhyr
"4", ana mch mlak ola rsol  bs mmkn abqy hd koys oant m3aya
"4", ma ttyr tyor ghyrk fy smay  ant foq alghym oalbaqy tht
"4", ylaqyha mn alahly ola mn albchyr
"4", la tfrt b slat aldha dqayq mn als3adt  oalsdqat alghzyrt  slat alaoabyn f kn sbaqa lrbk  aoaba..
"4", mlak rohy namy 3orny btny oallh aqol yarb ma tqra2
"4", sbah alajoa2 alhloh
"4", cho raykm
"4", ayoh ayoh hbyby ant aljmhm ballh 3jzt afhmhm .
"4", mch ftoa olkn mdhkt
"4", ntmna llnsr alnsr badn allh ollathad albqa2 bs maho 3la hsabna .. #alathad_alnsr
"4", alnas klha ttmnalk alkhyr tra bchrt ank ma tkon ahsn mnhm
"4", ylaqyha mn alahly ola mn albchyr
"4", y sbah alkhyr
"4", adn ana jany ald3a2
"4", rdt f3l lyna akhty lma sht ochaft myk ab amy ohy tal3h
"4", rytoyt lo akhlaqk btsmh lyk tslm albchyr
"4", aly bytsdr alyom ysbh 3lakm #zlzl_alml3b_nsrna_byl3b
"4", la t3lyq
"4", o kant lha hyna khft al3sfor  ohyna kbrya2 altaoos  odayma oda3t alhmamh almstansh #alraf3y
"4", " oasbr lhkm rbk fank ba3ynna "
"4", snh o ana amsy 3lykm ola ahd yrd  lkn ln astslm  msa2 alkhyrr lltmasyh
"4", hqy 3lyk an ghbt dkray balkhyr ohqk 3ly an ghbt mhdn y3rfk
"4", byqt3ok htt oyqlok fa alzyt
"4", hl ant bmfrdk ya fta .. ala ykon m3k m zmla2 alchqt am hm mnayft
"4", yarb achfy yasyn o jmy3 mrdana yarb al3almyn ad3olo balchfa2 mn fdlkm ..
"4", foz alathad yarb
"4", ya mrhba oajd
"4", hta ala3yon bthlyha .. yomyn o lylh
"4", . . sbah alkhyr
"4", slmh rby tm alabtal allh y3tyhm al3afyt.. ystahlon altkrym fz3t onkhot otdhyt balnfs macha2 allh.
"4", sdft hky .. qrbt qlbyn
"4", ant oalkafyyn .. kafyn
"4", alnsr arsl khtab lathad alqdm yfyd bastb3ad hkam la yqodon ay lqa2 llfryq fy aljolat alqadmt. ( aljzyrt )
"4", kyot
"4", amyn yarb al3almyn
"4", alf mbrok oalfal lk yabo flah
"4", ant alhlo lba dyodk
"4", sbhk balkhyr :)
"4", alhmd llh alf mbrok yaz3ma2 alqadm ajml an cha2 allh
"4", allhm ahfd alsodan mn kl mkroh oaktb lhm hqbt s3ydt mzhrt tnhd bhda albld ala altqdm oalnmo
"4", sbhan allh obhmdh
"4", oan tmnyt mn rby amnyh fbqa2 3aylty oashaby ho kl alamany.. rby latfj3ny bhm o ahfdhm ly ma dmt hya
"4", alshb allylt 3la alayfon .. rtoyt llmrfqt otbq alchrot
"4", aly albyt mn al3ryn b3yn allh tr3akm
"4", lyt alaba2 laychybon laymrdon laytalmon lythm m3somyn mn almrd layhznon layrhlon lythm mkhldon lythm ydlon alsnd altabt hta fna2 alhyat
"4", an cha2 allh khyr :)
"4", yarb ya3ala ansr alahla alghala
"4", yom fy alqlb qbl aldakrt
"4", mn hal lhal
"4", l3lha tchf3 lyk yom alqyamh
"4", hkda ahtfl zojyn mn tyor allqalq b3d nzol aol bydt lhma fy al3ch
"4", mn almftrd an tkon sort lylyt lkn la bas bod3ha fy alsbah
"4", oala mta altsoyr mn ajl "altmylh" .? hat flatr 3la 3yonk omfth bchrtk omdbt allhyt oalhoajb
"4", 3ady oahd choy ynfs ochoy flaoy
"4", ay sh oallh
"4", y3ny nsraoy nfs ma qlt
"4", ytnha 3chan ymsk alryast
"4", akrrh chy tnam sa3tyn otq3d mn alnom hlman hlm ydayqk
"4", oyak y khoy
"4", allhm amyn
"4", m3ak ana yla
"4", ys3d sbahk
"4", amyn ya rb tslm yal3zyz bo hsn
"4", tay ysyh balzaoyh
"4", mn mbarat #alhlal_alahly oalty antht bfoz alz3ym brba3yt .. badn allh ytkrr alsynaryo lz3ym
"4", mada t3lmt mn alhyah? almcharkat lljmy3 athfona brdodkm okhd rtoyt #fars_alhany #drs_ahdth_lk_alhyah
"4", yaqlb ma 3ad balamkan t3bt anash ot3syny ghyab lftrh lyst balqsyrh .. d3oatkm
"4", kant tbky kl lylt ltfrgh sdrha almhcho balndob  ofy kl mrt tnst lha alnjom qaylt ltalma a3tbrnak mn 3ayltna atntfyyn alan ?!
"4", oalmoyt akbr frq
"4", jmahyr alhlal tstqbl mhmd al3oys astqbala jyda.
"4", #alhlal_alahly lylt zrqa2 an cha2 allh
"4", allhm amyn yarb al3almyn anta oana oamt sydna mhmd sl allh 3lyh oslm ajm3yn an cha2 allh
"4", alshb allylt 3la alayfon .. rtoyt llmrfqt otbq alchrot
"4", akhlyk kl** tht rjoly akhrs bs
"4", nsyht 3la altryqt alsodanyt  jabha sh
"4", sbahk khyr os3adh yalamyr
"4", aldqyqt aljzayr alsodan aldqyqt alsodan aljzayr rymontada tarykhyt sqtna ay chy m fdl ala tfth aljam3t onsqt nhna
"4", qotna b3d allh dayma antm alf mbrook alhmd llh o alchkr lh
"4", #lohh_mlyanh_ayjabyh ant lst 3la hoamch alstor ant frd mhm fy hda al3alm  fqt khss lk mq3da mn byn aljmy3
"4", jmahyr alhlal tstqbl mhmd al3oys astqbala jyda.
"4", lmn yqra anth jmyl hyn tbtsm ? abtsmt l ht layk
"4", ana bsmy 3yalk ant baldat
"4", yarb ofq nsrna o ansrh o alsdart lh
"4", - sbah al " kl bsmh mn ora ojhk khyr '
"4", as3d allh sbahk
"4", rsalh sbahyh : allhm asalk altofyq fy jmy3 amorna oaktb lna alfrdos nhn ooaldyna ojmy3 mota almslmyn brhmtk ya arhm alrahmyn
"4", ana 3aych bdonk bs 3aych bs alhzyn aly trb3 foq qmt alahzan balnsbh lhzny s3yd
"4", #och_t3lmt_mn_aldnya2 yom lk oyom 3lyk
"4", " allhm aroy qbor mn anqt3t hylthm mn hdh aldnya  yarb aj3lhm mn almkrmyn almn3myn ".
"4", sbah alord
"4", khta ghyr mqsod
"4", sbah alghla oalchoq omoasl alghalyn sbah yrd alroh o yhyy mcha3rha sbah aljmal sbah alnas alhloh sbah alord
"4", byd allh ojhk yabofhd olabd yjy alyom ally ndkr fyh alrjal ally matby asmayhm tdhr onchkrhm oy3rfhm aljmy3 ohda aql chy2 nqdmh lhm
"4", rdt f3l lyna akhty lma sht ochaft myk ab amy ohy tal3h
"4", ana krm mch krym
"4", #och_t3lmt_mn_aldnya2 .. klha slf odyn .. antbh .. 3lmtk
"4", lltshyh tm yjylk ahly ayfon bs ahm chy ank trdy balayfon ally rah yjyk
"4", tyar 3raqy ysal brj almraqbt fy sltnt 3man 3n ntyjt brchlonh o yonaytd chghf
"4", akyyd bs oallh ma adry 3nk
"4", 3lach nkhdrkm o3ndna jolyano
"4", ma alomk
"4", mhtrmt nyyk
"4", #alathad_alnsr sbah alkhyr =d3oatkm alnsr alyom bfoz an cha2 allh obtofyq kl nsraoyn yarb
"4", yarb ayam hlot tord alhyat bdakhlna
"4", bs mkhalft lldoq al3am
"4", ys3d allh qlbk
"4", la3b fachl oallh 3chanh shb bla3b alchbab almbarah aly fatt khlas yhsb 3mrh oao
"4", - aktr 3bartyn mryhtyn ! - ma ahzn allh 3bda ala lys3dh. - oma abtla allh 3bda ala lanh yhbh. - fqoloa alhmd llh dayma oabda !
"4", qrybt aldyot mol3 3lyha allboh
"4", b3d ayam
"4", ahyana aqol amzh bs ma amzh
"4", khayf mn alathad ? khayf tfqd alsdarh ? chof almqt3 o artah #alnsr_alathad
"4", rtoyt ada knt mn haljyl khnchof chktrna
"4", oys3dk rby hbybty oyhfdk
"4", alhmd llh 3la slamth
"4", la tbky ya sghyry la andr nho al..ya tayba ya tayba molay sabq la ttrdd lahq
"4", hh tos3 mn rash almrb3
"4", lala kda ghlt
"4", rhmt allh aloas3t 3lyh rby yj3l mtoah aljnt
"4", 'ma alh 3bda 3la allh fyhajt ala o qdaha lh ' .. sastjab
"4", allhm arzqna hsn alkhatmt
"4", btsqfoa llqrd o tz3loa ama ytntt :)
"4", 3mry ana 3chan ansa ?
"4", alhmd llh 3la alfoz o alsdart almoqth btkatf aljmy3 o 3dm altfryt fy ay nqth badn allh nhqq almtlob
"4", sbahg ajoa2 jmylh mbchrh balkhyr
"4", arh sm3k oan3ch qlbk tlaotsbahyt #hyaty_klha_llh
"4", hyn tomn bkl hoask ban allh qadr 3la an yghyr halk ala alafdl stjd nfsk mrtaha mtmyna o tdkr dayma an allh la ykhyb dn mn amnoa bh
"4", sbah alnor
"4", natr alhb tghny solo brohha
"4", j3l 3yn ma thbk ll3ma
"4", ay ballh. mchklt 3oyst alsmon bs allft maltk byha nqs balks acho 3balk sambl mal ks
"4", la la la nhakmh brana..
"4", ya hbda an tghlqoa ayda fmh
"4", sbhan allh obhmdh sbhan allh al3dym
"4", aok chkra
"4", allhm any a3od bk mn kdb alahbh o asdqa2 aloqt  o hzn ala3yn  o fjat alghyab  o almntsf almmyt  o artbak albdayat  o khdlan alnhayat
"4", nsyht jam3yt : - ada btroh mn mbna lmbny -amchy ora altalb alsmyn - dayma yakhd trq mkhtsrh
"4", yla 3 albhr 
"4", alf mbrook tstahl
"4", #alathad_osghyr_alryad hl yf3lha alathad?! yarb
"4", lma hda yhdyk hyk aghnyt hlq ana ma hda hdany yaha bs ano ch3or hlo btkhayl
"4", akhyra tod3yn kyfan
"4", mb raqdhh
"4", sbah aljmal
"4", t3al oasm3ny mn alras l alras albyt hda tbth ost balk 3tny 3mr tany oqlbyn oahsas oana ao3dk ansak oa3chq bdalk
"4", sdqt tghrydt bmntha aljmal
"4", rtoyt lo ant moalyd ts3ynat ohlmk kan tchof albld hakmha zol ghyr 3mr albchyr !
"4", yjb 3la alkl ansafh dd alahly .. kan njm foq al3adt
"4", alhmd llh alf mbrok yaz3ma2 alqadm ajml an cha2 allh
"4", b3yda 3n mstoa alm3yof almmyz hallqtt astoryt mn nasr
"4", - tjahl kl chy o3ch hra.
"4", anchhd drr y alghaly y old alghaly
"4", 3odh llhyah m3 qhot alsbah
"4", hda ala3b yqoly bkrh rx 3ly #zlzl_alml3b_nsrna_byl3b sof ynfjr ghda
"4", oallh albta3h dy ahsn mn ally ana fyh bktyr
"4", kl yghny 3la lylah
"4", ys3dk ys3dk
"4", m3 oror
"4", #alhlal_alahly chkra z3ymna
"4", mn akdb ma qrat "shyfth alakhlaqyt ndyft"
"4", #3dn jhaz khrbayy lqtl alb3od sghyr of3al
"4", alhmd llh dayma oabda rbna mbyktblnach ala alkhyyr
"4", alblyhy akhtsr mcha3r jmhor #alhlal tjah 3bdallh alm3yof  chkra mn ala3maq !
"4", on3m ballh
"4", fkrt mbtkrt
"4", sot almtr 3od bdkrak oalghym knh ydaryny
"4", alkhrtom alan: tqryba hta alkyzan frhanyn bzoal alkyzan
"4", hahaha ana oaq3y ya akhtah
"4", sbhan allh al3dym sbhan allh obhmdh
"4", nnha aza y3ny hnfdl ntklm
"4", ya frht ma tmt #alchayb_naoy_tndym_alhmdyn
"4", ahna atrbyna fy alahly an mfych msthyl oan cha2 allh alahly yqdr #qdha__ya__ahly
"4", 3ayzak tsm3yly alklam da kl yom alsbh kda 3chan aqtn3 byh..aok?
"4", la qsdy mal3bha ktyr 3chan asoy althdyat makhlst ala thdy asbo3
"4", mn albarhh oana asor
"4", od3 aldory halsnh
"4", oalhyn bbda 3zz frsk #hflh_dyana_hdad_balkoyt
"4", lsh aldnya fyha hajat hnqabl ktyr hkayat
"4", altmn aldy ydf3h alrjl 3ndma yfrt bamrat ray3t ho anh syhaol an yjd chkhsha fy kl amrat yltqyha.. oln yjdha abda
"4", lltarykh khdo3 hlaly otrdyd nchyd nady alathad
"4", mbrok alfoz ttoq3on al3myd ysoyha ?
"4", ma lams alqran qlba dyqa ala ats3 ..
"4", ana mch bay3h bs mbhbch amsk fy hd 3ayz ymchy.
"4", allh allh 3lyk mbd3 dayma klam mn dhb
"4", hsdna ma ykfy mn so2 akhtyartna f allhm akhtr lna ola tkhyrna fanna la nhsn alakhtyar .
"4", matnf3 .. 3ndna nsmyha syart bnat ..
"4", aokk mha aqol chy2 ..
"4", sbah alnor .
"4", sbah alkhyr
"4", sbah alkhyr badn allh
"4", ayqnt an almtr moasat rbanyt
"4", ana qrrt any 3ayzh atjoz lsh al3rys bqy
"4", sdqt .. chkra ya 3abrt
"4", sbah alrda #alsdyqyt_alchadlyt
"4", tol 3mry bardh bs hqyqy alfydyo astfzny o3sbny
"4", khlyna mbsotyn ala tdkrna
"4", maqsrt yaboabrahym doma raytk byda2 3tbna alsabq 3la qdr mhbtna lk
"4", hkda ahtfl zojyn mn tyor allqalq b3d nzol aol bydt lhma fy al3ch
"4", almfrod asthy 3 dmy oanam bma anh fy 3mal jayyn mn
"4", akhtyar mn adrat alfqr oathad loy okhlyl
"4", af3lha ya nsr arjook #alathad_alnsr
"4", mhamy dolh mo mhamy
"4", alasm lhalt bysbb lmhor alchr jltt
"4", ma aro3 hmsk sydy.. ys3d sbahk
"4", brafoo ahsnty slmt anamlk aldhbyt
"4", lm la
"4", la abyk
"4", oana yoklony 3ssl
"4", sh lsank
"4", fdytj oallh
"4", dy lght randok
"4", #hdy_alhyat sr alhyat ho alabtsamt omyah tanya #myah_tanya ..
"4", aslh haly lhal thbh yallh  fma aldnya baqyt lhy oma alhy 3la aldnya bbaq
"4", alghla fy njd ftrh mn ylom alqlb fy hb alryad
"4", yarb ykon ly nsyb
"4", tol 3mra baqol la ana qd alchoq olyala alchoq ola qlba qd 3dabh | syrt alhb blygh hmdy
"4", alblyhy ymtl hal kl hlaly qblh 3la jbyn almmyz 3bdallh alm3yof 3la almstoyat alakhyrh chkra mn alqlb
"4", kbdor alhb antrk 3 ard jaft qahlt la hyat bha  ftzho bk orda ozhr fttsm balhb bjnanh ..
"4", sbah alnor oaljo aljmyl
"4", aby qrbk . . oabyk bdnyty tbqa
"4", ya tojh bh aoda3 o ahoal hakm br tfaot nsl ha chayd khyly hm by rbt nbachh
"4", yqal an 3bdalftah albrhan ho almchrf 3la alqoat alsodanyt almcharkt fy alymn
"4", #aljbyl_alsna3yh allhm aj3lha amtar khyr obrkt . . oallhm lk alhmd 3la n3mh alty la t3d ola thsa
"4", m3 anhm ychofony bkhyl
"4", qotna b3d allh dayma antm alf mbrook alhmd llh o alchkr lh
"4", qotna b3d allh dayma antm alf mbrook alhmd llh o alchkr lh
"4", mthsbohach  rbna hsabath ahla ..
"4", yarb any astod3tk ad3yh fy qlby lay3lmha soak
"4", alya chrbtoha o antoa msakyn .. srtoa aldhat ally thl alqdaya :)
"4", sbah alajoa2 aljmylh
"4", alahly ola3byh ojmhorh maqsrtoa rghm alhzymt ana lst bhzyn oallh chkra #alhlal_alahly
"4", rytoyt lo akhlaqk btsmh lyk tslm albchyr
"4", ana halya
"4", ahlaoyh llnkha3 hh
"4", oana manmt ly alhyn
"4", a3dm n3ym aljnt alamam : 3bdal3zyz bn baz rhmh allh
"4", mfrod tjrby 3chan tqdry thkmy sh lys mn ra kmn sm3
"4", abo 3mr foq ay ryady s3ody
"4", sorh tmtl mcha3r kl alhlalyyn tjah mayqdmh alhars 3bdallh alm3yof mn mstoyat mtsa3dh 3la kaft alas3dh
"4", mofqyyn jmyy3a m3k mhda khssran
"4", chlonkm yabnat
"4", alshb allylt 3la alayfon .. rtoyt llmrfqt otbq alchrot
"4", aoba lyo bta3ko
"4", "allhm ab3d 3na mn la ysthqna omn han 3lyh hzna ola t3lq qlba bcha2 lm tktbh la.
"4", dayma d3 alaml fy hyatk ltstmr b qot otbat m3 tghyrat alhyat tfayl doma oanhd mn jdyd oabtsm ltbtsm lk alhyat
"4", ys3d sbahk
"4", chhor o yom t3al khd alzrqa2 mn fryq altmasyh
"4", allh ybark fyk ya dktor tstahl altyb
"4", amyn yarb sbahk jmal khdork
"4", b3yda 3n mstoa alm3yof almmyz hallqtt astoryt mn nasr
"4", sbahk klh hla
"4", aboy nsraoy ana oakhoy athadyyn amy hlalyh bs mattab3
"4", . mcha2 allh .. allhm lk alhmd . amtar ghzyrh 3la mdynty aljmylh  allhm syba naf3a . #aljbyl_alsna3yt .
"4", oyn aladlal !! y khy tra 3ady  chfyk mhssny ankm fayzyn 3lyna bkhmsh !! 3ad 3sa ytl3 mnkm faydh
"4", yoma ma stchkr nfsk 3la 3dm alastslam
"4", tal3 mytyny o hroh anthr khlas bs o ant aktr yst oallh
"4", almchklt mo zyn ola mo zyn ? olakn lo aladart almojodt jabtt alhyn ! chnoa rd almoalyn lha
"4", dmh khfyf ahsn
"4", mada lo ana altmsna al3dr llghadbyn oahsna aldn balghaybyn nhn ayda nghdb o nghyb onndm on3od m3tdryn ..
"4", allh allh
"4", aqoa rymontada fy tarykh bro klob :) tsmym #fyfa #fortnayt
"4", tbghoa hkam ofar khlyl jlal
"4", on3m on3m
"4", labst ahmr lyh ya st anty ayh almnasbt
"4", . . . ala alan mhd arsly rsalh a3tdar bnhayt 3am  m3qolh ma z3lt ahd bdyk alsnh . . . km ana ray3
"4", qd kla 3ndh ally ysdh mn alqtat
"4", jmhor alfqr baldat
"4", botya ykchf 3la loz fhd almold
"4", mtrna bfdl allh orhmth
"4", oallh yfoz. alnsr alhlal mafaz 3lyh baqy alathad yfoz
"4", yasbah altbachyr
"4", toklna 3ly allh
"4", oana qa3d achofk yom ant thlq balsma2 lo adry sortk
"4", l 3yonkm foz alhlal alyom y3ny dbl mrhlh o btolt aldory ada l alhlal y3ny tdbyl mrhlh o mrtyn
"4", #fydyo_alhlal yrsd koalys mbarat #alhlal_alhzm mn ghrft almlabs #alhlal
"4", asal allh al3dym rb al3rch al3dym an ychfyk  hfdk allh a/ jmal oalhmd llh 3la slamtk
"4", #alhlal_oalnsr ' allhm mn a3ad hdh altghrydh ysr amrh ofrj hmh onfs krbh o as3d qlbh '
"4", allhm sl oslm obark 3la sydna mhmd o3la al byth altybyn altahryn
"4", m3k fqt 3rft kyf ykon b amkany alastghna2 3n al3alm bakmlh b mqablk ant
"4", sbah alnor
"4", ghda aljm3t sof ytm alshb badn allh falkm altofyq jmy3a
"4", sbahk s3adt orda mn alrhmn
"4", ma ant qdrt obsyt fy alsma oally kan kan
"4", la abda anty alsh o ana alghlt
"4", alhmd llh alf mbrok yaz3ma2 alqadm ajml an cha2 allh
"4", sbah aljmal
"4", sbah alsbt
"4", hyah albnt mrhltyn : qdam almrayh : anasayrh dbh lazm ad3f qdam altlajh : ally ybyny yakhdny mtl ma ana
"4", yasbah alnor oalsror
"4", alshb allylt 3la alayfon .. rtoyt llmrfqt otbq alchrot
"4", a allhm thr sbahna mn alhm oalhzn oafth lna aboab als3adt oalaml tbtm ootab sbahkm oas3dkm allh aynma kntm ys3d sbahkm
"4", llasf .. syghyb alla3b mnsor alhrby 3n mbarat alnsr yom ghda bsbb alasabh
"4", -aoskar drofayl -aoskar majystk -aoskar trafartyna #ayfonk_mn_dhanat_aoskar
"4", dktor any chft nfs hda alhlm bs jan tarykhh ab3d choyt m toard ahlam
"4", al3by babjy tbyn afozj
"4", chykagho? matab3th  a3rfha mn losyfr
"4", allh ys3dk
"4", snh o ana amsy 3lykm ola ahd yrd  lkn ln astslm  msa2 alkhyrr lltmasyh
"4", qbl an tnamoa akhbroa allh 3n aoja3km antroa kl ma fy qlobkm alyh alotr jnt alqlob
"4", #3bdalftah alakhonj kyf alhal?
"4", chtm rjl khald bn alolyd  f altft alyh oqal : " hy shyftk  amlaha bma chyt "
"4", tchrfna choyat o bdyfj
"4", alhmd llh alf mbrok yaz3ma2 alqadm ajml an cha2 allh
"4", qbl tlatt ayam
"4", ana :mch aql mn sa3t
"4", qotna b3d allh dayma antm alf mbrook alhmd llh o alchkr lh
"4", allhm amyyn sbhk allh balkhyr oals3adt
"4", dh 3chan ant asyl bs ghyrk ola mmtn o la zft
"4", akmlooa ..! khl aldy kbroa rask oqt allh allh yfydonk!! #sbah_alkhyr
"4", kl mrt ahsk bdayty alhlot.rghm ana tjaozna albdayt
"4", dooq mhaoy
"4", alhmd llh .. kant mbarah s3bh olkn btofyq allh tm d3mkm tjaozna almbarah
"4", ma y3rf lkm ala haldyabh  allh la yhojna lahd
"4", #km_mghrd_balslah_3ly_alnby allhm sl oslm 3la sahb alojh alanor oaljbyn alazhr oalchfy3 almchf3 yom almhchr sl allh 3lyh oslm
"4", alrajl mhqq arqam qyasyt chdydt
"4", amyn yarb al3almyn sbah alkhyr
"4", sbh 3ly balkhyr o thfany yazyn alsbh yom anh bda bk :)
"4", alshb allylt 3la alayfon .. rtoyt llmrfqt otbq alchrot
"4", alsadst sbaha " ala ant " . .
"4", akhoatna machofoch akhoat alnas
"4", ldy ab qblh kaljnh  rhl lykhbrny an altybon la ydomon toyla  allhm aghfr lh oarhmh oadkhlh jnat aln3ym
"4", akyd 3chan matnsdm
"4", fy alsbahyh bqolk
"4", sbah alnor
"4", tstahlyn alfrh fy kl alaoqat
"4", rbma tqodk sdft lm tbaly bha ala oaq3 lm tkn thlm bh ..
"4", oanty kman
"4", 3ady adhk 3la klmt zojhma oala mmno3 adhk
"4", y satr bs ysoyha bra mntqtt aljza2 tkfa
"4", fdyha anty haltk 3al
"4", #alathad_alnsr badn allh hbot alathad msalt oqt 3nd hda alohch
"4", allhm any a3od bk mn kdb alahbh o asdqa2 aloqt  o hzn ala3yn  o fjat alghyab  o almntsf almmyt  o artbak albdayat  o khdlan alnhayat
"4", allhm amyn .. as3d allh sbahk lydr aml
"4", alsalfh fyha thdy hlat ghnozath
"4", y hlo alsbah b3d almttr
"4", ndman any matab3tk mn zman
"4", a3atb tyfh an lm yzrny l3l altyf ao3a ll3tab ala ya tyfh ablghh 3ny ban alchoq afqdny soaby..!
"4", yarb jmal alhyat o ltf alqdr
"4", shyh oallh .. hda alklam shyh bl anh mn afdl alryadat ally tnqdy bdon ahsas baloqt .. falk alozn almtaly
"4", yahdy bda sbahy alhyn
"4", ada dkhlt bhyaty nas fahchyn tra2 abtlych
"4", asm alfryq aol 3bdalftah jmyl jda yrf3 dght dol
"4", ahm chy2 any mqtn3t
"4", baqy layk oahd lltghrydh otosl layk y allh ach ktr mstansh chkra mn alqlb
"4", alhmd llh alf mbrok yaz3ma2 alqadm ajml an cha2 allh
"4", fy alkhtam njdd altdkyr bhda altsryh
"4", allhm sknhm fy msaknhm och yryd da alhyn
"4", _ qal alrsol sly allh 3lyh oslm :( mn asbh mnkm amna fy srbh m3afy fy jsdh 3ndh qot yomh fkanma hyzt lh aldnya ) fallhm lk alhmd
"4", rtoyt lo ant moalyd ts3ynat ohlmk kan tchof albld hakmha zol ghyr 3mr albchyr !
"4", yl3n am aldrafh aly fyk
"4", d3 qlba ada knt trah njm almbarat #alhlal_alahly
"4", jmahyr alhlal trdd nchyd #alathad b3d mbarah alahly baljohrt msa2 yom ams
"4", la tnsa sorya kman hakmyn fqt .. bchar o aboh hafd
"4", lylt sqot alathad #alathad_alnsr
"4", 3chan hmaskm qrrna najl alshb ala bkrh alsbt alsa3t al3sr an acha2allh
"4", ybqa akyd ank ma jrbthach
"4", mno hdy
"4", fy 3mq kl ansan janb mzhr ojanb jaf mn drof alhyat !! sbah alkhyr
"4", sbahk as3d
"4", yomk ajml badn allh
"4", allh m3k
"4", hnan. os3ad. oabtsam onahd oklna
"4", | astorty krt alqdm maradona omysy fy hjmt oahdt mn mbarat njom alarjntyn fy . #archyf_altangho
"4", sbhan allh
"4", at oallh
"4", alhmdllh soty hlo ttmnt alhyn
"4", sar bomh
"4", lbaqt altfl alymny m3 alamyr sltan
"4", o ho ndrt al ho baynha htbqy joazh mnylh
"4", ya rajl 3yb
"4", jamd alrajl dh
"4", trjtoh balakhr
"4", yqolon 3ady yomyn o yskton
"4", lazm yjy nas tkhls hq nas
"4", qotna b3d allh dayma antm alf mbrook alhmd llh o alchkr lh
"4", sbaho byby
"4", any 3zmt 3la alktman fanhmrt fy aldmo3 okan alchoq fdaha
"4", ana alkbyrt b3yn mn y3rf alnas oana alsghyrt b3yn mn yhtqrhm. .
"4", tyar 3raqy ysal brj almraqbt fy sltnt 3man 3n ntyjt brchlonh o yonaytd chghf
"4", as3d allh sbahkm bkl alkhyr
"4", la khlyh llahly 3ly tol
"4", #och_yqol_allyl tghrydh tdkrk balbnt ally orytha sortk oqalt lk kyot ontftk bhdr
"4", asalt la y3rf an yt3aml m3ha ala alasyl ola yghdoo bha oymtnha ala fars
"4", bnt malha falzman mchabh nadrh byn al3rb fy tb3ha o zynha . . . . #hsab_mlky_ysthq_almtab3h . . . .
"4", amyyn yarb al3almyn tslm akhoyh oyrhm amoatk
"4", ma chfna ala tbakhyn osoaqyn o3mal ndafh
"4", rdt f3l lyna akhty lma sht ochaft myk ab amy ohy tal3h
"4", allhm lafqr ylhyna olaghnat ttghyna yarb bs al3faf oofa2 aldyn lna olkl mdyon
"4", alblyhy akhtsr mcha3r jmhor #alhlal tjah 3bdallh alm3yof  chkra mn ala3maq !
"4", cho raykm
"4", oallh almst3an
"4", oahb asahr bdry aly tjla
"4", hyatk hy rsalh mnk ll3alm fltknb stora ttrk atra tyba ll3alm
"4", albnt hta lo z3ltha o hy balmol tqolk ylh bay bnam
"4", aly yqolon oadh alhzn fy 3ynk ymkn hzynh 3la hsab almoatn baqy yakhdh
"4", oal3almy och soa fykm
"4", asma2 allh t3aly aktb asm oahd llajr #yom_aljm3t
"4", ma nkhtlf
"4", l 3yonkm foz alhlal alyom y3ny dbl mrhlh o btolt aldory ada l alhlal y3ny tdbyl mrhlh o mrtyn
"4", bhyatk ya olda amrat 3ynaha sbhan alm3bod fmha mrsom kal3nqod dhktha angham oorod #almcha3r_hallylh_tqol
"4", kl 3am oant bkhyr ?!
"4", " yjb an tkon alsdaqt byn chkhsyn mlada amna olyst saht m3rkt ! fal3alm fyh mn alqsaot ma ykfy "
"4", allh yrhmh oysknh fsyh jnath oylhm ahlh alsbr an llh oan alyh raj3on allhm aghfr
"4", doam lyl alhmdllh
"4", msa2 #alkhmys_alonys yamsa2 alkhyr oalahsas oalaml oalonash
"4", qotna b3d allh dayma antm alf mbrook alhmd llh o alchkr lh
"4", mbrok lkl hlaly
"4", dh ktchjy3 ola mmarsh
"4", rbna ma y3lq qlbk bhd yxrh abda ola yhojk lhd yfrt fyk
"4", qloob kbyrh lkm allh y3afykm al3afyh
"4", dayrt obtlf rbna ydymna lb3d
"4", fyh hl oast hy mdyqk oant mch 3ayz tchofha 3ndy ana hryhk mnha omn baqy altoytat ola tz3l ysta 3nyna lyk
"4", yqol allh 3z ojl fy alhdyt alqdsy: " oma zal 3bdy ytqrb aly balnoafl hta ahbh". #alotr
"4", och almslsl
"4", rdt f3l lyna akhty lma sht ochaft myk ab amy ohy tal3h
"4", alf alf mbrook ya dktor .. allh yj3lha 3ona lk o yskhr lk kl khyr
"4", mn hflt alryad trky almyzany mhmd al3azmy bkhyt alsnany mhmd al3lony
"4", sbah aljmal
"4", - asbhna oasbh almlk llh ohdh la chryk lh . #sbah_alkhyr
"4", od3y falbyt : akhr mn ynam akhr mn yqom akhr mn y3lm aol mn ythza
"4", abda yomk byqyn an allh sy3tyk khyra yrdyk oys3d qlbk. oan lm yhdt fykfyk ank qdyt yomk bhsn aldn ballh. sbah alyqyn fa allh
"4", alshb allylt 3la alayfon .. rtoyt llmrfqt otbq alchrot
"4", rayyhyn almatch o an cha2allh nrj3 frhanyn
"4", osala ant
"4", ana mra ghbyt yom qrrt any atfrj flm r3b m3 jory qbl lanam :)
"4", trafqny rayhtk.. o qbltk alakhyrh
"4", atl3 okhl aldyq lard albraht oakhf almoaj3 3n 3dolk lyaqmt oa3tha balqlb adyq msaht olya salk ally ftn ql thlmt
"4", hkda ahtfl zojyn mn tyor allqalq b3d nzol aol bydt lhma fy al3ch
"4", chkly lmn atnaqch m3 alnas 3n alaoda3 alhalyh oarkb mknh alsyasy almhnk
"4", alshb allylt 3la alayfon .. rtoyt llmrfqt otbq alchrot
"4", ana ally sqft llqrd oz3lt lma atntt !!
"4", mayhtaj t3ty ord lord
"4", hda ahd achkal altnmr
"4", altoytt dy 3amlt zy oahd m3zom fy frh aobn bofyh fa rah oakhd alhlo 3ly alhadq 3ly albybsy fy tbq oahd 3lchan mynsach hajt
"4", ana qlby dayb f alghram shran allyl ma bnam
"4", atsn3 ll3rb ojhn smoh oatsdd la aqbl allyl otra :) .
"4", bkyt mn klmt ma txr alkhatr o dhkt mn klmt ma yndhk mnha :)
"4", alhmd llh alf mbrok yaz3ma2 alqadm ajml an cha2 allh
"4", #sarhny | ay :)
"4", qotna b3d allh dayma antm alf mbrook alhmd llh o alchkr lh
"4", asdq ma qrat alyom ..
"4", #alhlal_alohdh alhlal 3afyt ll3mr ombsm llkhatr allh yofq azrqna
"4", ajr ly olk  ol mn b3dk
"4", sbah alkhyyr

"4", sbh 3ly balkhyr o thfany yazyn alsbh yom anh bda bk :)
"4", allh 3lyky
"4", :oyn anta? :yakh ma qolta lyk abn 3of kda objy
"4", ma2cha2allh yqol almtlt al3yon aljmylh matnam oant mn ahl alkhyr
"4", #ozart_alaskan yntdr byt alahlam mnd snt  almoatn / abo mhmd  yskn balsth !! sndqt khchbyt
"4", alhmd llh alf mbrok yaz3ma2 alqadm ajml an cha2 allh
"4", lahol ola qot ala ballh
"4", alshb 3la fayzyn ghda
"4", sbah alnor
"4", rby ys3dk
"4", mn nahyt alashab ? - ana hdy 3dym bshbthm..
"4", 3qlha sghyr oymkn matfhm alamor lan aldkyh tfhm kl rjal omqsdh
"4", yarb sbah alkhyr
"4", t3al sbhny o asbhk balhms byny o bynk o al3rb yjhlonh ho alsbah la bda mchrqh chms ana sbahy fyk ma y3rfonh
"4", tyar 3raqy ysal brj almraqbt fy sltnt 3man 3n ntyjt brchlonh o yonaytd chghf
"4", lanh oqtk almfdl
"4", "foq alsma2 jnt .. otht alsma2 amy
"4", kant tbky kl lylt ltfrgh sdrha almhcho balndob  ofy kl mrt tnst lha alnjom qaylt ltalma a3tbrnak mn 3ayltna atntfyyn alan ?!
"4", lst mtaly ! lkny lm aody ahda  n3m yojd bdakhly jz2 sy2 lkny la anqd 3hda ola akhon o3da ola astty3 an ara alxr fy 3yn ahd "
"4", chof mn ytklm ant akhr oakhd ytklm 3 alnhayyat o3n aloda3t khdm ojyhm mghsolt bmrq
"4", hh klh mn 3lochh chklh d3a 3lyna
"4", brhan sfah alymn
"4", oyn rah alklam aly aol
"4", akhoya alcha3r
"4", ajl myn ally chafha
"4", achth qdam
"4", alshr kl yom yzyd sa3h
"4", ( lathzn an allh m3na )
"4", ma dhb jmyl ala o ja2 ajml falhmdllh dayma o abda
"4", ayak an thzn  abtsm dayma lajl nfsk
"4", rdt f3l lyna akhty lma sht ochaft myk ab amy ohy tal3h
"4", alfydyo da fyh kmyt jmal ghyr 3ada
"4", l 3yonkm foz alhlal alyom y3ny dbl mrhlh o btolt aldory ada l alhlal y3ny tdbyl mrhlh o mrtyn
"4", sbah alkhyr alf mbrok mnha aly la3ly ncha2 allh
"4", hh sbahk 3sl ya ghaly
"4", broh alchrqyt byjy aljo alhlo m3y
"4", #alhlal_alahly chkra z3ymna
"4", qatl allh alktman ..ama khlq allsan llklam
"4", amtrt alhyn omtr qoy b3d
"4", tayrt #alhlal ttghlb 3la alnsr #anfojrafyk_alhlal
"4", #yachaky alhal
"4", allhm alraht o alslam lqlobna
"4", 3ajl orsmya : tm alachtbah bojod adany hsn alsbhan !!
"4", ajmml mn atfq
"4", akhr oahd ba3 alqdyt o 3ta bdhrh
"4", oanty ahla b3d
"4", tl3 alsbah yla namoa #och_yqol_allyl
"4", hkda hy alhyat..
"4", t3al 3ndna baltchghyl ghyr alrotyn
"4", la dh sahb mzaj hykhls 3la al3sl kloo
"4", chhdt chroq alchms o bkda akon hdyt b ahla sbah
"4", sbah alnsr sbah kbyr alryad o mchrfha fy almhfl al3almyt tlatyt o tlat nqat o sdart #alathad_alnsr
"4", bndhk 3lyh ktyr b3d almbarat
"4", qotna b3d allh dayma antm alf mbrook alhmd llh o alchkr lh
"4", yjb 3la alkl ansafh dd alahly .. kan njm foq al3adt
"4", antht altdakr allh yofq aljmy3 obadn allh alfoz l alahly bkra alm3drh lly tlbo kmyat kbyrh
"4", sbah alrda osbah alfl #asyl_lld3m
"4", ya slalam
"4", hda chklh mn ashab tnyan
"4", b3d alchr mch htosl lkdh an cha2 allh y3ny okl hajt htbqa koyst chfaky allh o3afaky yarb
"4", 3zty l 3ly
"4", #mhmd_slah ytrb3 3la 3rch qaymt aghla alla3byn alafarqt fy aoroba
"4", btryqy alf chkhs obqlby ant.
"4", sbah alnor ro3h
"4", sbah alkhyr
"4", ya qmrr
"4", sbah alnor oalsror oalord almntor
"4", qotna b3d allh dayma antm alf mbrook alhmd llh o alchkr lh
"4", otdn ank halk tm yaty ltf allh
"4", ho asod 3dyyl lkn alghryq bt3lq by qcht
"4", adkr qarnoh bnymar
"4", sbah alord
"4", 3zty l 3ly
"4", alhlaly ally mthzm balathad mtl alnsraoy ally mthzm balahly ada faz alathad ana mst3d atbr3 bns troty lh
"4", ataml alqmr oa3d alnjom oasolf llsma2 3nk
"4", oanty ayh ally mz3lk ya soso
"4", tqsd nqth yhba yakhd nqttyn
"4", #yabab_alhoayj 3ndy hajt oyak thfd ahbab alqlb mn kl adyt #a3adt tojyh lkl 3zyz 3la qlbk
"4", alasbany ada toskht ndarth ynft 3lyha oybkhrha bryht fmh oymshha bmlabsh  ob3dha ysal : lych al3dst khrbt? mn alrqyt alchr3yt ally soytha
"4", amyr alhq . 3ly
"4", oallh ya ahmd ho btol (byroqratyt almossat alsodanyt) lkn ma aktr mn chhr
"4", sym sym arosa
"4", aok al3dr oalsmoh 3alklmt alakhyrt
"4", bal3x ant balsort dyh chj3tna
"4", jmahyr alhlal trdd ahzojt alathad b3d fozhm 3la alahly .. anbtah almosm #alhlal_alahly
"4", allh ynsrhm yarb
"4", allhm al3afyt lqlb amy
"4", alshb allylt 3la alayfon .. rtoyt llmrfqt otbq alchrot
"4", sbhan allh  oalhmd llh  ola alh ala allh  oallh akbr.
"4", tchaylysa y3lmonkm alryl kyf ylbyh
"4", sh .. hta chfty ordyh
"4", alkhdo3 bam 3ynh allh ysamhk y brono och soyt fyhm #alathad_alnsr
"4", qal3 o bl3b fy zobry
"4", sbhk allh balkhyr hbybna dktor mn kornych alkhbr abryl
"4", mroqh ldrjh ay chy bqol lh ay
"4", aghnyt alsbah klkm asm3oha
"4", alftor 3la hsaby
"4", alfydyo da fyh kmyt jmal ghyr 3ada
"4", starz da byst
"4", 3oda hmyda mnor toytr al3ryq brj3tk
"4", mofahmh lych maqdr anam
"4", allh yrda 3nk oys3d qlbk.
"4", alhmd llh alf mbrok yaz3ma2 alqadm ajml an cha2 allh
"4", alzrfh mhtrmh hh
"4", alshoyyn mchklt
"4", alghaly yrkhs llryad
"4", qotna b3d allh dayma antm alf mbrook alhmd llh o alchkr lh
"4", hla balkykh osbahk 3sl
"4", bhbot alathad badn allh
"4", sbah alkhbr aljmylh jda
"4", sbah alkhyr ayh ya jma3h ana lsh mnmtch
"4", ah fdyt mamty
"4", adkar alsbah
"4", foz mhm oalf mbrok __ #alhlal_alahly
"4", lm yntz3oha lyfrtoa fyha bsholt tqtna kbyrt babtalna omnsoryn badn allh
"4", kyf ytm hsab ratbt lmdt yom
"4", mafhmtkch bs mch hask salk
"4", oallh lola alhrj oalqyl oalqal la aktb qsayd fyk mmno3t alnchr.. lkny ahsb chrht chyokh orjal oana mn aly ghltth tnhsb 3chr
"4", #alfyfa_yrd_ahtjaj_alhlal_shyh ald3aft och bghon bha yalz3ma2 ttrjon alfyfa nqat hda almydan qdamkm
"4", #och_yqol_allyl . . . 3laqat alsdaqt hy alatol 3mra  jrb an thb l t3rf jhym al3mr!!
"4", b3d alamakn : la hdt ..mrt bha aldkra srab
"4", jyny aofr mthmst
"4", ystahl #3azf
"4", oalan thfh hsan alhor
"4", sbah alnor
"4", mn aln3ym an tjd mn la ydtrk ala alahtraz.. tb3tr afkark omcha3rk oant fy mamn mn ndrth oqlbh
"4", m3 nhayt aldrast la tnsa klmt mhmt oallh mhmt jda
"4", "qra2t" : alm3odat"tlat mrat"
"4", osbahk as3d ghla
"4", alhmd llh alf mbrok yaz3ma2 alqadm ajml an cha2 allh
"4", yla ja oqt nomy ya mtaby3 tmson 3la khyr
"4", alkhbr ally abyh oantdrh alhyn foz alnsr orjo3 alsdarh
"4", allh 3la alchfafyt o3dm almjamlt
"4", sbahk sror layzol o3afyt tdom ohb mtyn 3 mr alsnyn .. ommtnt lk lklmatk alltyfh
"4", mlakmt qrod fy tayland
"4", asma2 mlkt altnanyn
"4", saloa hkyma: lmada la trd 3la aldyn ysyyon lk? frd dahka: ada rfsk alhmar hl trfsh ! sbah alkhyr #hsyn_3bdalghny
"4", rzqk sytkhta alkhlq klhm o ysl alyk.. bl qd ysl alyk 3la yd mn mn3k .. fla tqlq ..
"4", allh yslmk bs klamk shyh lo anh qchmrh
"4", o3lykm alslam orhmt allh obrkath osbahk yarb balkhyr oals3d
"4", 3qbal frhtna fyyk .. (yahbyb alqlb )
"4", altslyk sar 3lm bakhy
"4", alhmd llh .. kant mbarah s3bh olkn btofyq allh tm d3mkm tjaozna almbarah
"4", sbah alord
"4", alkhrtom alan: tqryba hta alkyzan frhanyn bzoal alkyzan
"4", oallh lola alhrj oalqyl oalqal la aktb qsayd fyk mmno3t alnchr.. lkny ahsb chrht chyokh orjal oana mn aly ghltth tnhsb 3chr
"4", ma bghoa 3od jablhm 3bdalftah
"4", aljo ychrh alkhatr
"4", allhm nora la ynqt3 lmn ada2 charqtna bahsanh
"4", 3fyt hta albsrt tbokha alkoyt ot3ln astqlal o krdstan t3ln astqlal otqsm al3raq alhmdallh an amryka ma moafqt 3la aqlym albsrt
"4", masbyro byakhd mn ozart almalyt kl aol chhr ma yzyd 3n mlyon
"4", tht haltghrydh aktboa rsalt lasdqaykm alqdma2:
"4", ya rb yltghy almyd  ktfoa ald3oat y jma3t
"4", ya ymanyh khly 3ynk ofy zynk tbahy ftnh aldnyalha hq altfakhr . . . aljmal alymny #hoyt_alymn
"4", #allhm alkhyrt fy aqdarkk oalrda tm als3adt bkl chy2.. #sbah_alkhyr
"4", mbrok alfoz ya z3ma2 fryq yfchl bs yla foz otlat nqat o #sdarh_bs
"4", mrat b3d allh yl3nhm
"4", chkra jmahyr alhlal fy alghrbyt ombrook altlat nqat yaz3ma2
"4", ahyn rj3t b3d mchaoyr toylh chraykm ada 3jbtkm 3tony #rytoyt fdytkm #lyz #m3syty_rahty
"4", ymkn sdqh mskyn  mo kda 3ad alchlhh lljns alna3m
"4", mbrook alfoz ya z3ma2 hardlk ya jmhor alahly .
"4", abda3k yabo danh ybhr bay dayqh fy bhr alxrh .
"4", allh yl3nk oyl3n s3yd os3ydh
"4", #alathad_alnsr al3myd ymrd lkn laymot
"4", allhm amyn oys3d qlbk yarb
"4", chkhsytha ghrbyt oalnmt alghrby anany oana a3rf lha o3dltha
"4", allhm bk asbhna
"4", kny achofh qamt hsynoh
"4", la fy kman jlb alhbyb ord almtlqt zorna tjdo ma ysrkm
"4", b3d ma kanoa yqolon yakhdmy allhyn nady alotn
"4", ys3d sbahk khy
"4", alhmd llh .. kant mbarah s3bh olkn btofyq allh tm d3mkm tjaozna almbarah
"4", ma btghla 3lyk alanfas..nbdat alqlb mnhdyk dolt al3chq #nbyh_bry
"4", yazyn sot alr3d 3alsbah
"4", 'ma alh 3bda 3la allh fyhajt ala o qdaha lh ' .. sastjab
"4", lo o3a alnas orfdoa almlkyt oant alqayd mada 3sak an tf3l?
"4", hnan o sart o hbt o jnt o frh o yara o frydt o mlk o hajr.
"4", mdry oallh
"4", oana oallh
"4", chklhm 3ajbynk o ymkn la smh allh tkon mnhm
"4", qotna b3d allh dayma antm alf mbrook alhmd llh o alchkr lh
"4", oachya2 lk fy ost qlby kbyrh
"4", mn amnyat altfolt..
"4", 3la alftrt alslymh.. allh y3tyh alsht oal3afyt skr altblon .. oallhq 3la albab la yqflh
"4", j3ltk bqlby amana oslama  okany ayqnt ban alhyat foda okhof  oanty alaman oalslam
"4", oahb asafr m3 shab t3la
"4", - altf sort mmkn t3br 3n rmdan
"4", yjb 3la alkl ansafh dd alahly .. kan njm foq al3adt
"4", sana lyh kda  almhm dahyon mra yjnn ch3rha
"4", astghfr allh hta alnqa2 mn kl dnb
"4", . . any afkr afth sydlyt b toytr mn ktr alnas almjrohyn #zhrt_aljbl
"4", sorh tmtl mcha3r kl alhlalyyn tjah mayqdmh alhars 3bdallh alm3yof mn mstoyat mtsa3dh 3la kaft alas3dh
"4", yla mtab3yny rtotoly oartot lkm
"4", oalshab ytardk byn alchjr khalq alzyn abd3k
"4", rdt f3l lyna akhty lma sht ochaft myk ab amy ohy tal3h
"4", an allh ydym n3m alhamdyn f alhmdallh dayma oabda
"4", la jyna mn bchr la nom klha atmhqn
"4", jmahyr alhlal trdd nchyd #alathad b3d mbarah alahly baljohrt msa2 yom ams
"4", tryq alzhor fy alyaban
"4", ayh alftar aljamd dh
"4", sbahk s3adt orda mn alrhmn
"4", chhor tstahl alzrqa2
"4", lqyt basoord hsaby alqdym
"4", qotna b3d allh dayma antm alf mbrook alhmd llh o alchkr lh
"4", oan tmnytm chyya .. tmnoa mn allh an la yrykm qymt alachya2 b3d zoalha. . sbahkm jmyl
"4", qotna b3d allh dayma antm alf mbrook alhmd llh o alchkr lh
"4", alyom lylt jld mdll jdt oghda jld al3almy almzyf #alathad #alhlal
"4", ys3d sbahk omsak balkhyr oals3adt dayma
"4", as3d allh sbahkm balkhyr oalmhbt oalsror otabt aoqatkm bdkr allh.
"4", brbrt alfqr
"4", amrh byn alkaf oalnon ada arad chyya an yqol lh kn fykon sbhanh ot3ala
"4", ana bkhyr .. tqal llghrba2 .. ama alahbh n3anqhm o nbky .
"4", sbahy ybda bk rby hba otsbyha ohmda lk alhmd oalchkr yarby 3la kl ma nhn fyh mn khyr o n3mt osht o3afyt
"4", - a3mytny 3n . . chof ghyrk osdyt  oasbht la achofk ola achof ghyrk :)
"4", "yoma ma stbdo fkhora bkl als3ab alty oajht alnsr  bkl lhdt khof totr qlq shr stbdo fkhora jda b3bork nho alqmh .
"4", abkytny 3ndma tchahd hdt aldmo3 falazrq o mstqblt bkhyr .
"4", #sbah_alkhyr tl3 aldoam mkhrb sm3t alsbh ola ho rjal tyb oallh
"4", alhmdllh tl3t mo lhaly
"4", al3fryt bta3y 3ndk fy alchqh
"4", khlas smtoh lyo ytrba fy 3zkoa
"4", f3la
"4", mo mmno3h
"4", allh yslmk yafysl
"4", yarb alhda alsh ally akml m3o hyaty hyk
"4", alnas makhdyn od3yh 3yoby la araha o 3yob alnas arkd oraha
"4", hh
"4", allh yghrbl ablyshm ay oallh sbahna alaty
"4", oallh ya3yony mafyha nqth byda2 klha hmra2 baqy sa3tyn okml sa3h sahy oalmchklh mafyny nom
"4", 3la alftrt alslymh.. allh y3tyh alsht oal3afyt skr altblon .. oallhq 3la albab la yqflh
"4", abgha achof altkmlh thms ..oalaghnyh ahtaj asm3ha kda mrh 3chan ahbha mn qlby
"4", tmson 3 khyr hbayb qlby
"4", ahla chy2 balmslsl ho chktr mayk ykrh oalt
"4", ys3d qlbk
"4", alsdaqt alhqyqyt lys lha tarykh antha2 slahyt
"4", rbna ys3dk
"4", aktobr afa lyh bs
"4", 3chan kda janyny mstoah tayh
"4", sbahk s3yd jmyl
"4", yla mtab3yny rtotoly oartot lkm
"4", alkhdo3 bam 3ynh allh ysamhk y brono och soyt fyhm #alathad_alnsr
"4", alfydyo da fyh kmyt jmal ghyr 3ada
"4", ayh allylt dy ya jd3an aloahd mch 3arf ynam #afryqya_yahly
"4", asbhna oasbh almlk llh ohdh la chryk lh . #sbah_alkhyr
"4", moty alrjal lych ya mama
"4", ajm3 ally baqy mny chtat odlny chofny dak alghryb ally ydor 3n otn !
"4", tdry alnhl lo daq skr chfayfk ytrk rhyq alord oyht ymk odak albrd lo chaf lm3t rhayfk ydob ghyrh landr sob fmk
"4", ay och b3d
"4", sn :) hh hh
"4", - altf sort mmkn t3br 3n rmdan
"4", jmahyr alhlal trdd nchyd #alathad fy aljohrt.
"4", alzy dyl knt bqol lyhm ma tjo tfrho m3ana lmn tsqt lqythm frho qbly
"4", abn 3of ydkhl #qaymt_ghynys llarqam alqyast k aqsr ftrh hkm fy altarykh
"4", yom mlyan n3ym - asalh - 3bady - mtr - arjylh
"4", #3odh_dyaz_mtlb 3odt albyq ramon an tmt la ychbha ala 3odt alzyr salm b3d tghrybt al3chryn 3am
"4", aby qrbk . . oabyk bdnyty tbqa
"4", alhmd llh alf mbrok yaz3ma2 alqadm ajml an cha2 allh
"4", ayot hy dy.. tkdyrt bnt oskht
"4", aqoom asly alfjrr bqa myn 3ayz ad3ylh
"4", ya3mry mofqh yarb
"4", aldnya mlyyt balmfajat als3ydt
"4", od3 aldory halsnh
"4", tyar 3raqy ysal brj almraqbt fy sltnt 3man 3n ntyjt brchlonh o yonaytd chghf
"4", rdt f3l lyna akhty lma sht ochaft myk ab amy ohy tal3h
"4", lst ohdk
"4", rb aktb lna yoma jmyla mhata balfrh okhyrk aldaym
"4", allhm amyn
"4", ay oallh ths odk thdn alchoar3 oyarb aldrh ych3ll mn foz alnsr
"4", ahbbthm hb la y3lm bh ala khalqhm f yakhalq alsmoat oalard ahfd ly ahly oahbty okl mn y3z 3ly
"4", hrfya mkhy ajz :)
"4", alhmd llh alf mbrok yaz3ma2 alqadm ajml an cha2 allh
"4", oallh lo 3ly asoy skyb lhalchhr om3h rmdan
"4", sbah alnor
"4", tby3y asd3 mana nmt sa3tyn
"4", ay ay ?
"4", ya rb oyak badn allh
"4", alasbo3 almyt hda bymotny m3ah
"4", lahnt.. sr3h qanonyh..
"4", alhmd llh alf mbrok yaz3ma2 alqadm ajml an cha2 allh
"4", ant kda ya alchmry rd fy alsmym .
"4", alqlb ma ysknh chkhsyn oahd oykfy t3dybh
"4", yahby lkm oallh 3la rasy
"4", ' knt ahb .. ohyl akhaf mn alghyab osrt aghyb ohyl akhaf any ahb
"4", ayh aljmal dh bs
"4", allh yn3m fy halk
"4", hbo hyatkm o3ychoha bndaftha othartha la tkhlon alchytan ydmr lkm hyatkm als3ydh
"4", chlonkm yabnat
"4", ody asdq bs qoyyt
"4", alhmd llh .. kant mbarah s3bh olkn btofyq allh tm d3mkm tjaozna almbarah
"4", allh yrzqj hyat
"4", chkl alhyat hlot
"4", tb koys ana fy fy alqa3 mstyaky tht
"4", mbrok lkl hlaly
"4", mabrok
"4", qblt jyny fy nhayt ada2 solo - abryl 
"4", alhmdallh alhmdallh alhmdallh ombrok llamt alhlalyt alfoz oan cha2 allh alqadm ahla o3qbal albtolt yaz3ma2
"4", lyt alryad kl ayamha mtr olyt ojhk qbaly kl ma amtrt
"4", sbht balkhyr oaltdkyr oaldkra oalchoq lamn fth llojd bybanh :)
"4", sot mn jnob lybya sma3atkm ortoytatkm
"4", 3chan mqrmcht
"4", kant alnyh hlqh ohdh bs madry kyf sar okhlst almosm
"4", sbah alkhyrat yarb al3almyn oalslat 3la mhmd oal mhmd
"0", "fuck"
"0", "shame"
"0", "7choma alikom"
"0","hchoma 3likom"
"0", "7ram hadchi"
"0", "hram hadchi"
"0", "lah il3an"
"0", "lah ilaan"
"4",
"4",
"4",
"4",
"4",
"4",
"4",
"4",
"4",
"4",
"4",
"4",
"4",
"4",
"4",
"4",
"4",
"4",
"4",
"4",
"4",
"4",
"4",
"4",
"4",
"4",
"4",
"4",
"4",
"4",
"4",
"4",
"4",
"4",
"4",
"4",
"4",
"4",
"4",
"4",
"4",
"4",
"4",
"4",
"4",
"4",
"4",
"4",
"4",
"4",
"4",
"4",
"4",
"4",
"4",
"4",
"4",
"4",
"4",
"4",
"4",
"4",
"4",
"4",
"4",
"4",
"4",
"4",
"4",
"4",
"4",
"4",
"4",
"4",
"4",
"4",
"4",
"4",
"4",
"4",
"4",
"4",
"4",
"4",
"4",
"4",
"4",
"4",
"4",
"4",
"4",
"4",
"4",
"4",
"4",
"4",
"4",
"4",
"4",
"4",
"4",
"4",
"4",
"4",
"4",
"4",
"4",
"4",
"4",
"4",
"4",
"4",
"4",
"4",
"4",
"4",
"4",
"4",
"4",
"4",
"4",
"4",
"4",
"4",
"4",
"4",
"4",
"4",
"4",
"4",
"4",
"4",
"4",
"4",
"4",
"4",
"4",
"4",
"4",
"4",
"4",
"4",
"4",
"4",
"4",
"4",
"4",
"4",
"4",
"4",
"4",
"4",
"4",
"4",
"4",
"4",
"4",
"4",
"4",
"4",
"4",
"4",
"4",
"4",
"4",
"4",
"4",
"4",
"4",
"4",
"4",
"4",
"4",
"4",
"4",
"4",
"4",
"4",
"4",
"4",
"4",
"4",
"4",
"4",
"4",
"4",
"4",
"4",
"4",
"4",
"4",
"4",
"4",
"4",
"4",
"4",
"4",
"4",
"4",
"4",
"4",
"4",
"4",
"4",
"4",
"4",
"4",
"4",
"4",
"4",
"4",
"4",
"4",
"4",
"4",
"4",
"4",
"4",
"4",
"4",
"4",
"4",
"4",
"4",
"4",
"4",
"4",
"4",
"4",
"4",
"4",
"4",
"4",
"4",
"4",
"4",
"4",
"4",
"4",
"4",
"4",
"4",
"4",
"4",
"4",
"4",
"4",
"4",
"4",
"4",
"4",
"4",
"4",
"4",
"4",
"4",
"4",
"4",
"4",
"4",
"4",
"4",
"4",
"4",
"4",
"4",
"4",
"4",
"4",
"4",
"4",
"4",
"4",
"4",
"4",
"4",
"4",
"4",
"4",
"4",
"4",
"4",
"4",
"4",
"4",
"4",
"4",
"4",
"4",
"4",
"4",
"4",
"4",
"4",
"4",
"4",
"4",
"4",
"4",
"4",
"0",
"0",
"0",
"0",
"0",
"0",
"0",
"0",
"0",
"0",
"0",
"0",
"0",
"0",
"0",
"0",
"0",
"0",
"0",
"0",
"0",
"0",:(
"0",
"0",
"0",
"0",
"0",
"0",
"0",
"0",
"0",
"0",
"0",
"0",
"0",
"0",
"0",
"0",
"0",
"0",
"0",
"0",
"0",
"0",
"0",
"0",
"0",
"0",
"0",
"0",
"0",
"0",
"0",
"0",
"0",
"0",
"0",
"0",
"0",
"0",
"0",
"0",
"0",
"0",
"0",
"0",
"0",
"0",
"0",
"0",
"0",
"0",
"0",
"0",
"0",
"0",
"0",
"0",
"0",
"0",
"0",
"0",
"0",
"0",
"0",
"0",
"0",
"0",
"0",
"0",
"0",
"0",
"0",
"0",
"0",
"0",
"0",
"0",
"0",
"0",
"0",
"0",
"0",
"0",
"0",
"0",
"0",
"0",
"0",
"0",
"0",
"0",
"0",
"0",
"0",
"0",
"0",
"0",
"0",
"0",
"0",
"0",
"0",
"0",
"0",
"0",
"0",
"0",
"0",
"0",
"0",
"0",
"0",
"0",
"0",
"0",
"0",
"0",
"0",
"0",
"0",
"0",
"0",